I am truly at a loss for words.  I feel that any review I write cannot convey all the superb qualities in this book.  ANYONE who has been touched by addiction in any way should read it.  It is honestly the best story of transformation and male friendship that you will find....on TV...in the movies...in classic literature....anywhere.  Every line James Frye writes is so personal and poetic and artful that you will be moved to tears and then again to heartwarming satisfaction and yet again to wondrous laughter.  Several members of my family have struggled and are still struggling with the powers of addiction.  I, am not one of them and until reading A MILLION LITTLE PIECES and MY FRIEND LEONARD, I could not understand it.  Now, after reading these books I can say \\"Oh, I see, now I understand.\\"  I wish to thank Mr. Frye for his brutal honesty and brilliant writing.  I am a better person for having read this book.
I read and loved \\"The Deep End of the Ocean\\".  I admired the author's writing style; it reminded me of Joy Fielding and Joyce Carl Oates' \\"We Were the Mulvaney's\\". Then I read \\"The Most Wanted\\", this was quite some time ago, and all I can remember about that book is that I didn't care and really didn't even like any of the characters.<br /><br />With \\"The Breakdown Lane\\", Ms. Mitchard is back in her element doing what she does best and that is telling a story filled with people that could be members of your own family, they are so finely tuned.  It is a truly gifted writer that can make one hate someone as much as I hated Leo.  It takes a special kind of scuz bucket to do what hew did to his family.  Or, on the other hand to admire and love the relationship that Julie and her son, Gabe have.<br /><br />I highly reccommend this book.
I have been a big fan of Jodi Picoult since reading THE PACT.  In her books the characters are so rich and well developed and she writes so well about such touchy subjects and the complexity of human relationships that you can't put her books down and are left wanting more.<br /><br />For me this book was not a \\"spell-binding suspense novel\\" as touted on the cover, rather a story of family and relationships and inner deamons.  I love the fact that Jodi's characters are so multi-faceted and so real that you actually care what happens to them long after you finish the book.<br /><br />If you are just discovering Ms. Picoult, I envy you, if you've been a fan and have read several of her books, you know that every time you crack the cover on a new one, you can count on a satisfying, substantive read.
While I loved Hornby's ABOUT A BOY.  I have to say I found HOW TO BE GOOD much too tedious.  GOOD is the story of a family in crisis as told in the mother, Kate's point of view. We spend waaaaay to much time in Kate's head as she agonizes over being a good doctor, and whether she should divorce her husband or not.  Her husband, David is in the midst of a spiritual awakening and things take off from there.<br /><br />Although I liked the snappy writing style, I thought that parts of the book just drug on endlessly.
Here's what I got from this book, which really isn't all that much.  Leo Gursky is a old man that is preoccupied by his own death.  In his efforts to survive he makes a complete nuisance of himself in public.  Sixty years ago, his life was not this pathetic.  He wrote a book about the great love of his life and survived the Nazi invasion of Slonim, Poland.  The book that he thought was lost or destroyed, mysteriously survives and is a huge part of Alma Singer's life.<br /><br />Fourteen -year-old Alma Singer has her hands full with feeling solely responsible for her mother's happiness after Alma's father's death and trying to take<br /><br />care of her brother, Bird, who thinks he is the Messiah.<br /><br />Ms. Krauss explores the timeless themes of love and loss and the ties that bind, but for me thebook was very choppy, dry and for the most part, except for Alma's story, tedious.
This story is written in sort of a fanciful prose fairy tale like style, but that's where the niceness ends.  I would say that Mona Gray suffers from extreme Obsessive-Comulsive Disorder.  She has this completely bizarre habbit of knocking on wood when events become too much for her to handle, she eats strange things when she can't handle her real life, she buys herself an axe, yes an axe, as a birthday present and what happens with that axe is almost too much to take in.<br /><br />It seems though thst poor Mona is doomed from the start.  Her favorite Math teacher/hardware store owner makes wax number necklaces and wears a different number depending on his mood.  Mona's father has all but given up on life and has started dying from the outside in. Every character in this book it seems is suffering from some sort of mental illness and it forces me to think: What is wrong with the author?<br /><br />It turns out that the reviews I have read of this book make it seem much more mainstream than it really is.  The fact that Mona and her family have quit nearly everything that they've tried and it seems like they live in another universe come in a distant second to the warped reality of this book.
Having read JEMIMA J AND BOOKENDS and loving them, I have to say I was very disappointed in BABYVILLE.  It appears to me that Ms. Green has a multi-book deal with Broadway Books and she's just writing to meet deadlines, she's not writing with a good eye for content.  I can't honestly say that I liked, or could relate to any of the characters in this book.  They all seemed so immature and self-absorbed and the stereotypes practically drove me crazy.  I usually love British Chick-lit books for their snappy turn-of-phrase, this book didn't have any of that.  It took me two long weeks to finish only because I kept thinking it would get better and I have to say: I'm barely a fan after reading this.
Nowhere near as good as 'Bees'?  I disagree whole-heartedly.  Sue Monk Kidd is a wonderful author.  This book is different than the acclaimed 'Bees' but that did not make it any less enjoyable.  I was hooked before the end of the first chapter.<br /><br />I didn't find Jessie to be a whiner at all; I just walked through her journey with her as she struggled to find peace and some answers in her life.  The writing was wonderful, the characters just as memorable and real as in 'Bees'.  This book is just different that's all and what I mean by that is that it can stand on its own and should not be unfairly compared with its predecessor.  I look forward to reading more by Sue Monk Kidd!
I just finished this truly wonderful book and already I am homesick for Lily, Rosaleen, August and the pink house.  By the time I finished the first chapter, I had laughed, cried, balked at what was happening and realized that I in for anathentic, moving reading experience.  Lily Owens is the bravest young woman than I have met in quite some time.  She is on a journey, seeking answers as I believe all motherless daughters must be and she discovers love that she never even realized was there.  The characters are still so real to me that I wonder what has happened between Zach and Lily.  How are Neil and June?  Did Lily become a bee keeper?  This story will live with me for some time, I am sure.  Sue Monk Kidd is a truly gifted writer, I have her latest, MERMAID CHAIR waiting for me and I cannot wait to start it.  BEES is very much recommended.  It moved me to tears and left me wanting much more, only the best books can do that.
I found this book to be almost agonizing to read, save the end; the religious mumbo-jumbo was just that--- mumbo jumbo and after about half the book became very tedious to read.<br /><br />However, this story afforded the reader a glipse at the fragility of normalcy and the [sometimes] fine line between good mental health and madness.  It is my feeling that the author could have, and perhaps should have, written the entre book about the mother, Miriam. At the end, hers was the only story that I was interested in.
After reading the Oprah Pick, \\"What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day, I was very disappointed in \\"Some Things I Never Thought I'd Do.\\"  It took me two long weeks to finish this slim novel and I lost interest after about the first fifty pages.  I don't think Pearl Cleage is a paticularly talented novelist; I think she can write realistic,sometimes dynamic dialogue between her black characters, but the story is lacking.<br /><br />I loved the very first part of the book where Regina Burns has just gotten out of rehab, is losing her anscestral home, so she goes to her aunt Abbie for help and comfort and Abbie introduces Regina to the notion that life is not a lost cause--that is the story I wanted to read.  Instead, what I got is a very political story infused with the author's belief that black men especially need positive role models.  I believe we ALL need to be and have positive role models, that it is not just a black thing.<br /><br />I wanted to read more about Regina and Blue.  I felt as if that part of the story was horribly under developed.  I hope that Pearl Cleage's next novel is better than this one, but I'm sorry to say I don't hold out much hope.
Having read RALPH'S PARTY also by Lisa Jewell, I was very leary about reading this author's latest offering.  RALPH'S PARTY seemed to me to be a very Sophomoric attempt in the genre of British Chick Lit. No pun intended, but the characters in RALPH'S PARTY seemed stuck in high school.  I must say though that A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY is a complete departure.  This book is very original and very endearing.  The characters are fully fleshed out and have problems that the reader really cares about.  Each of the brothers London are likeable, dispicable, tender, funny, and sparkling all at once and it really made for an interesting, highly readable, very literate reading experience.  I would recommend this one!
There are many books out there that are written about grief and loss that border on being completely morose.  This book is not one of those.  The main character, Sophie Stanton invited us into the mess of her life shortly after she lost her husband, Ethan to Cancer.  Sophie instantly became my friend.  She is a very strong woman and she became very real for me from the very beginning.  I felt her pain as she suffers panic attacks and can't make it through the grocery store.  I cry for her when she shows up for work in her bathrobe in the midst of a nervous breakdown and I feel exalted when, she has gone through all the stages of grief and discovers that people need her again and that she can be successful again.  This is a very well-crafted novel, even the ending was well thought out.  It was neither too sappy, nor to harsh or too sad. It's hard to believe that it is a first novel for this author.  I am anxiously awaiting other books by this talented new writer
When I say this book is simply written, I don't mean that it is a simple book.  Bits of wisdom practically leap from every page as we are drawn into the world of an unlikely hero.  I was deeply affected by the trials and tribulations of Christopher, a fifteen-year-old austitic boy.  I will say there is a twist and from about page 100, you really start to root for him and are saddened by some of the things that happen to him--because Lord knows, he wouldn't have chosen this whole autism thing for himself.  But, you never feel sorry for him and as the reader you go along living Christopher's life with him and you hope that he can see five red cars in a row so that it can be a Super Good Day.<br /><br />This book is fresh and original and I hope that there are many more written by Mark Haddon.
Like many of the reviewers here, I liked \\"Good in Bed\\" a lot better than \\"In Her Shoes\\".  While I could really relate to Maggie and Rose's relationship (because I too have a sister that I discovered after a period of really growing up, that I can't live without), I found the writing very ameteurish and hurried.  It was almost lihe Ms. Weiner's agent and publisher said: \\"Okay!! Your first book was really successful, so how fast can you write the next one?\\"  I mean, after reading certain passages or sentences in the book, I found myself thinking that I could be a better writer, could have written that better...So, the book was very predictable, but I loved the character of Simon Stein because he reminds me of my husband and I would have liked to delve more into how Stella feels now at this point in her life.  I was anxious for more meaningfulconversations between Stella, Lewis, Rose and Maggie, but they never materialized.<br /><br />I guess all is not totally lost, if a book can make you feel something, such as a kinship like I felt with Rose and Maggie, then the book has done its job.  I have to say, though that I will read \\"Little Earthquakes\\" after I have taken a break from Chick-Lit for awhile.
This is just one of several books that I have read by Ms. Picoult and I must say that each one has been as good or better than the last.  I read this one a while ago but the story and the characters are still with me.  I became entwined in the Amish way of life and the characters were like real people to me.  This is a story that doesn't just report what's going on...it delves into weighty issues and leaves the reader with a different perspective and greater unserstanding.  This immensely readable novel is also a study of the bonds of love, family, how far a mother will go to protect her child and some of the most complex choices one can make.  I take great comfort in knowing that each and every time I pick up a Jodi Picoult book, it will be the best of reading experiences!
I can't tell you how glad I am that I stumbled upon this marvelous author.  Many times I will walk through my favorite bookstores with my arms full of books, I'll pick up anything because I am so anxious for something really good to read, something to sink my teeth into, something to feed my soul. Jodi Picoult does just that.  Her talent for writing seems effortless. She draws the reader in with her fluid style, which is all at once full of wonderful description and dialogue, so that the reader may share the experience with the characters in the novel.  I think that's just it....the characters become real people for me right away and I root for them and cry with them and wonder what happened to them long after I've finished the book.<br /><br />In this one, Nina Frost is a prosecutor who deals with the dregs of society every day. She thinks nothing of putting a child who has been molested on the stand to face his/her abuser as long as it means a conviction....all that changes when her five year old son, Nathaniel is abused and then we as the reader are whipped up right along with Nina when we are forced to ponder: How far is too far to go when one is seeking protection and justice for their child?<br /><br />I think any reader that expects a little bit of intelligence out of an author and the reading experience will not be disappointed with a Jodie Picoult novel.
My heart and mind are still wrapped up in this book. Usually, upon finishing one book, I immediately jump into another one, but I can't quite seem to do that with this book. This book is so full of life, it's hard to put down. Alexandra writes about her childhood in Africa so well...It's right out there, she doesn't mince words and she tells it exactly like it is. We see everything through Alexandra's eyes. We experience poverty in Africa, racism in Africa, life in Africa. That is exactly what this book is...an experience and one that is not to be missed!
I really enjoyed this debut novel from Ms. Haigh. She has taken domestic life and the relationship between men and women and added her own little twist that made you want to keep reading.  The charachter development and the crisp writing style is some of the best I've read in quite some time.  Ken Kimble is a bit of an enigma throughout the novel.  The reader gets to know him through the eyes of his three wives.  What this novel lacks in complexity, it more than makes up for in its imense readability.
I am disheartened when I read some of the reviews of this book. I was taken with this story from the very first pages.  I see Theresa as a modern day St. Francis, efortlessly winning the respect of animals and children alike. I got the feeling that Theresa didn't really fit in anyway, what with being the only child of older parents, so she used her talent of being the most sought after baby sitter in Long Island to her benefit and to the benefit of many children that are all but forgotten by their families.  Theresa provided the stability that this idyllic place needed.<br />This book and all the people in it are utterly unforgettable and superbly crafted. I was touched by Theresa's unconditional love for Daisy Mae and Flora. I loved the scenes at the beach as well as the scene with Debbie and Curly, the cat, and decorating the lollipop tree.<br />Alice McDermott is an efortless, gifted storyteller and this is the type of book that you'll want to curl up with and hang on to.
I don't have much, if anything to say about this book.  My attention wandered while reading it and I all but skimmed about the last 100 pages.  This book REMINDED me of something Joy Fielding would write, but that's about it. Joy Fielding is a much better writer and she writes a much better family drama than this woman could ever hope to write!<br />I kept with this book thinking something was bound to happen and it never did.  For me, the book would have been better had the author spent more time on the relationship between Lana and her husband, Jack instead of having jack die right away.  (I.m not giving anything away here since jack's death is alluded to on the back cover synopsis of the book and he dies in the first chapter.  So, pretty much if you read the back of the book, you've read the whole book, but if you still must read it, pick it up at the library!!
I loved this book from the start.  The plot was a little on the far-fetched side, but the cover art itself tells the reader that they are not in for a somber, important-work-inwomen's-fiction type read.  What you get is just what the title and the cover suggest and that is a fun, entertaining, frothy reading experience.<br />There was a time in Emily Miller's life that she thought she had it all: a job, a house, and most importantly a boyfriend that she loved.  A boyfriend that she thought loved her in return, that is until the devilish Declan sold thier beautiful house, ran up thier shared debts and posted a rather intimate picture of Emily on the Internet.  So, Emily is a woman scorned and smack dab in the middle of a scandal.  She has no choice to move in with her best friend, Cara.  Cara thinks she can turn Emily's bad karma around through the use of various crystals, potions, cleansing of chakras etc.... And who knows it may work because when one has nothing to loose, there is everything to gain.<br />I Loved all the characters in this book.  Cara was sooo original. and I found myself rooting for Emily from the very beginning.  What this author may be lacking in witty turn of phrase, which I love in Brit Chick Lit books, she makes up for in character development.  The lives of all the characters intersect in all sorts of interesting ways that keeps the reader wanting to turn the pages.
I thought this book was even funnier than Idiot Girls and I thought that book was the funniest I had read in a long time.  Laurie Notaro truly has a gift for exposing what is really funny in common everyday occurances; she has helped us to realize that the really embarrasing moments in life happen to everyone and that's okay and perhaps even really funny!<br />This is the type of book that you'll want to keep on hand to read over again.  Ms. Notaro offers the reader an often intimate, always hillarious look into her marriage and family.<br />My two favorite parts in the book were when her husband gets sick and stays home and when she takes her grandmother (Nana) to the grocery store to prepare for Y2K.<br />The best parts about this book, though are that you will most assuredly laugh and be able to relate to many of Laurie's experiences.
I started reading this book even before I left the bookstore and I felt I had to leave because my laughter was obviously bothering the other patrons.  I cannot believe that I had never heard of Laurie Notaro until a couple of days ago when my Mom handed me this book and said, &quot;This looks like It'd be a funny one.&quot;<br />Laurie Notaro has taken scenes from her own life and put them out there, (and I mean in some cases really put them out there) for us all to read.  I think very few author's have done it as well or as hilariously as Laurie has.  I think a little self-depricating humor can do a person alot of good, and in Laurie's case, I think it will propel her to super-stardom. We can laugh openly at ourselves now if we haven't learned to already because we can relate to the gory details of life as Laurie describes them.<br />My favorite little chapters in this wonderful book were: Candy-apple Freak Show, Moral Sex, Open Wide, and Public Service Announcement.<br />Cheers, Everyone! Enjoy!
I agree with the first review I read on this page from someone who said she kept waiting for something to happen.  I believe that the premise of this book is a good one, but it goes absolutely nowhere from there. This book a mystery?  I think not, not even close.  The ending left all my questions unanswered and I was left feeling that I needed some more explanation--closure if you will, for having invested two days reading time.<br />Grace Brookman's husband Laz has a history of I guess just getting fed up with his life and disappearing for days at a time sometimes longer.  He's always returned before and STUPID&lt; STUPID Grace has never questioned him.  What the f*** is that all about?!?  If it were my husband, I'd demand to know what the hell was going on.  This time though, when Laz vanishes, Grace keeps up the appearance that he is still there: Shirt and tie left out so it looks like he wore them, dirty dishes in the sink....etc....etc.  Grace even makes up stories to tell her always meddling parents so that it appears to them that life has gone on as normal.<br />This book is not a mystery by any streach of the immagination, but perhaps it is a story about a woman who lost herself somwhere along the way, lost control of her own life and may have discovered that fact to late.
This book literally found me (and I must say that I am really glad it did.)  I am still unsure how this slim little gift of a novel made it into my hands, but according to the Amazon.com reciept, it is a gift from the author so I figured: What the hell, I'll read this and see what I think. So, I cracked open the cover and was wonderfully entertained right up until the end.<br />Lillian Anderson is a strong-minded, fiery, wise-beyond-her years-girl who tells the story of her family, her perpetually run-down house and her life in rural Acorn Lake, Minnesota.  Lillian begins narrating the story at the age of eight and it continues virtually seamlessly, with Lily's steady hand on the pulse of her family until the age of nineteen.  Lily's mother, Marion is a neurotic, manic depressive personality who always has some wierd project in the works.  Jack, Lily's Dad, is an alcoholic but no one ever talks in such negative terms.  Marion seems to be able to put a positive spin on everything that's wrong, even her husband's years of substance abuse.  Oldest child, Randy, (age twelve when the book begins is the dyed-in-the-wool peacekeeper of the family.  Mitzy, the middle daughter, seems to see her mother for what she really is and is very bitter about it.  Mitzy has no trouble saying what's on her mind and even at ten years of age is tired of ignoring the pink elephant in the living room.  I am amazed that Lilian seems to be the only sane one in the family and has learned, (certainly not through example) to take care of herself.  She has learned to become a mother figure for the youngest, Davey who is too young to understand the extent of the chaos in the family.<br />I love coming of age stories and this one was a very good one.  It reminded me very much of ELLEN FOSTER by Kaye Gibbons and AMY &amp; ISABELLE by Elizabeth Strout.  The writing and the imagery and the lanuage of A BRIEF HISTORY OF THE FLOOD were very high caliber.  I will be watching for more from this author.<br />I wasn't bothered at all by the fact that this book was originally chopped up into several short stories.  The stories came together so well and the novel made such an impact that I can't imagine it in any other form.  Bravo to a wondeful new writer..  <br />I wasn't bothered at all by the fact that this book was originally chopped up into several short stories.  The stories came together so well and the novel made such an impact that I can't imagine it in any other form.  Bravo to a wondeful new writer.
I have nothing but respect and gratitude for Ms. Fowler baring her soul to us and showing us what it truly means to triumph in the midst of so much pain and adversity.  I, myself cannot imagine having to live through the horror that she has endured and then to want to relive it again by writing it, however, this book is a testament to her resilience.  Connie Fowler's story may be difficult to swallow, harrowing to read, but ultimately it transcends all the violence and is so rewarding and courageous that it begs to be read and learned from.<br />Connie May Fowler is a victim and ultimate survivor of alcoholism and domestic violence just as her Mother and Grandmother were before her.  Despite her talents, education and past experiences, she finds herself trapped in the cycle of unspeakable violence and seemingly endless despair.  She is drawn to a man who seems bent on destroying her both mentally and physically.  That is, until she adopts a puppy that she names Kateland and the two of them develop a relationship the likes of which I have never experienced; they seem to draw strength from each other and actually live for each other and that is what Connie needs to begin to turn the corner and start living without fear.<br />Ms. Fowler has a rare and wonderful gift for not only inspiring us but making us understand and for that I am grateful.
However, let's start on a positive note.  I loved the very British sensability of this novel.  I loved Kate Reddy's extremely wry sense of humor (I chuckled, not laughed, but chuckled aloud throughout the book.)  Having said that, though, there was nothing else I could relate to in this book.  I am not a working mother with two young children who can't find enough hours in the day as Kate Reddy is. I do not hold down a very high powered job in the world of high finance and investments.  This again is Kate Reddy's world.  The author did nothing to make me feel like I was a part of the story.  I was trapped in Kate's day-timer, forced to read journal entries and her notes to self. The whole effect was very choppy and I constantly found myself wishing that the writing were more descriptive so I would have something to sink my teeth into.<br />A good author will draw the reader in by developing the characters well, or describing the situations to the point where the reader feels like he/she is an active participant, not just a passive reader of words written on a page.  I didn't particularly care for any of the characters in this novel, I just read about them with about as much interest as I would read a cereal box because that is all the author gave me to go on.  I do not understand what all the hubub that surrounds this book is about.
This book was okay, just not the most memorable.  This is the kind of book that you read when you're stuck in the airport waiting for a delayed flight and there's nothing else to do.<br />Casey Evers is a 26 year old girl who is on the brink of responsible adulthood; she has just passed the bar and is poised to begin a promising career at a posh Chicago law firm when she and her two best girlfriends decide to try to re-connect and have one last hurrah before real life sets in.<br />You see, Casey, Lindsey (Sin) and Kat have been an inseperable trio for ten years but things havereally changed in the last two years or so since Casey has become involved with John. Both Sin and Kat have noticed that the certain sparkle in Casey's personality has greatly diminished.  Even Casey herself notices that things have been off between her and John lately.  This novel follows Casey as she struggles to put her friendships and herself back on track.
....and I loved every minute of it.  Tanzy Harrington is a \\"B\\" List celebrity/romance columnist for an online magazine in San Fransisco's Bay Area.  She claims there are two types of men in this world:  the totally Alpha, dangerous, exciting wolves and the solid, dependable, husband material sheep.  Tanzy is a beautiful, confident single women and she has left a trail of broken wolves' hearts all over the place.  Even when all her best friends are settling down, she herself will not be domesticated.<br />Until.....<br />Her great-aunt Millicent suddenly leaves town and she is forced to house-sit and co-habitate with the mysterious Riley Parrish.  Is he the dependable sheep or is there a sexy wolf lurking somewhere in there?  You'll sure enjoy finding out.  Of course this premis has been used a time or two, but Tanzy is a very original character so I'm sure you'll be able to be a bit forgiving.<br />This is the perfect book for a rainy day, or superb entertainment to combat all the re-runs on T.V.
I read alot (close to fifty books so far this year) and in all that time I have only read a handful of books that affected me as much as this one.  I was greatly moved by this story.  I think Ms. Medoff really dug down deep and drew from her well of experience for this novel.  I don't think she could have written a book this good without having some experience and a deep knowledge about Anorexia and its effects on a family.  I was moved to tears many times by this painfully honest novel, but just as many times I was laughing out loud at the author's acerbic wit.<br />Frannie Hunter is 26 years old and she is just part of majorly dysfunctional family.  She can't seem to hold onto a job or an apartment and is forced to move back home and live with her parents.  Frannie's mother, Marsha is obsessed with food, her body image and that of her children's not to mention the fact that she is also addicted to tranquilizers.  Frannie's father, David is in the midst of a career crisis, he watches all the cooking shoes on T.V. and instead of talking with his family to find out what is really going on, he perfers to do the daily word jumbles and not say much to anyone.  Shelly, Frannie's younger sister is a gifted graduate of Cornell, she wants to attend Harvard Law mainly to make her mother happy and she is the Anorexic one.  Perhaps she is forced into that as well to please her mother or she just adopts this pattern of behavior because that is all she knows.  Although this is a novel about Anorexia and other obsessive behaviors, it is also about women's relationships to men, sex and other women.  It is the relationship between Frannie and Shelly that was the most heartwrenching for me.  It is one that I am still thinking about even though I have finished the book and one that I am not likely to forget.  Readers who loved this book as much as I did might also want to try a book about a man's struggle with drug addiction and that is: A MILLION LITTLE PIECES by James Frey.  Both of these books are unforgettable!!of these books are unforgettable!!
It always amazes me that this very wonderful storyteller can create such a literary novel, while at the same time making it easy enough to read so that you'd become totally engrossed in it and want to take it on vacation with you.  I have read two books by Bohjalian before: MIDWIVES and TRANS-SISTER RADIO and I LOVED them.  The only reason I gave this book four stars was because I felt that it was lacking some of the pizzaz of the afore-mentioned novels.  Mr. Bohjalian certainly has a knack for telling a story not about the events that happen in people's lives but about the actual people and what they are thinking and feeling and what thier perceptions are.<br />Two years after thier twin daughters die tragically in a flood, Laura and Terry Sheldon become Foster parents for a ten-year-old, African-American boy named Alfred.  Alfred has been shuffled around from foster home to foster home for years;he has some very real pain of his own and is struggling to fit in in a racist town in Vermont.  Meanwhile, Terry and Laura are still trying to claw their way back from the dark depths of thier grief and face a very real threat to thier marriage:infedelity.  Alfred struggles to know where he fits in and very cautiously befriends Paul and Emily Hebert, the Sheldon's elderly neighboors who help keep a watchful eye on what's going on.<br />This book gives its reader a good, healthy dose of morality as well as good old-fashioned hope and love and the posibility of redemption.
If author Adele Parks keeps writing like this, I really think that Brit Chick Lit author Jane Green will have some competition! I was hooked well before the first chapter ended and was thuroughly entertained by this intelligent novel.<br />Thirty-two year-old Georgina finally has everything she has ever wanted: Hugh, the manshe has loved for years and now has all to herself, she also has a wonderful career in Advertising at which she makes boat-loads of money.  Georgina is thrown for a loop to say the least when she finds out she is pregnant.  How will Hugh handle the news?  Will you, me and Baby makes three be their new anthem?  Georgina is pretty sure she wants to be a mother, or is she?  Everything in her life for the last fourteen years has been filtered through Hugh.  Georgina becomes obsessed with her pregnancy and how she is going to handle the rest of her life and there are many trials and tribulations associated with both.  This book is a combination of chick lit intelligently mixed with a study of human behavior.<br />I should also mention that this is my third Downtown Press book.  Previously I have read: The Song Reader and The Man I Should Have Married.  Good story lines and entertaining, intelligent reading seem to be the hallmark so far of Downtown Press.
Adriana Trigiani is truly a wonderful and masterful storyteller and I certainly hope this isn't the last visit we have to Big Stone Gap.  I have fallen in love with all characters from hip sexpert Iva Lou, to crusty but loveable Fleeta not to mention late-bloomer, Ave Maria and the love of her life, Jack Mac.  When I startred this book, I felt like I was taking a walk through Cracker's Neck Holler getting reaquainted with everyone, I felt welcomed back into the fold, that I missed everyone and I was anxious to see what they had been up to.<br />This book tells the story of the struggle between Ave Maria and her her now teenage daughter, Etta.  Ave struggles of course with what every mother struggles with and that is letting go.  Etta can be rebellious at times and is struggling to find her own way in the world and it is Etta's father, Jack Mac that seems to understand this better than Ave, who, throughout the course of this heartwarming, spirited novel is forced to learn a lesson or two from her daughter and all the people in this close-knit community that love her.<br />This novel, as well as the other two books in this series has something for everyone:  The characters are extremely well-drawn and lively, the romance is timeless, one sentence can make you laugh wholeheartedly while the next breaks your heart.  And for those who like adventure, Milk Glass Moon transports us from the mountains of Virginia to the Tuscan countryside and the Italian Alps for a visit once again with Ave's family.<br />I am very sad to see this book and the series end, but I look forward to anything else written by Ms. Trigiani.  For those who have not yet discovered this talented author, pick up Big Stone Gap, Big Cherry Holler, and Milk Glass Moon and READ THEM!!! they are better than a five star rating can say and should not be missed!
This was a vivid and compelling account, a raw and emotional tale.  Raped in a tunnel while she was a freshman (and a virgin) at Syracuse University, Alice Sebold brings us into her world of extreme trauma and recovery.  She tells about this period of her life not as a victim but as someone of extreme integrity who commands our respect.
There is absolutely no \\"maybe\\" about it.  Jane Green and her perpetually flawed heroine have done it again. Both have taken the romantic comedy/chicklit type of book and elevated it to a whole new level.  This is an incredibly frothy and absorbing read that you not only can, but will want to read at one sitting. The characters sparkle, the dialogue as always is very witty.  Jane Green has really carved a niche for herself in this genre, she is not to be missed!!<br />Mr. Maybe tells the story of 27-year old Libby Mason who is tired of looking for Mr, Right for right now.  She wants to settle down with a great guy like her best friend, Jules and permanently remove herself from the pain in the search of romance and everlasting love.  The problem is that Libby has always thought that her perfect mate will have to be extremely rich to keep her in the style in which she wants to become more accustomed.  Libby wants to become one of the \\"ladies who lunch\\", get their hair done once a week, and indulge in plenty of retail therapy.  And she's not going to get there with her struggling writer/boyfriend, Nick.  He may have the beautiful body, the ability to make Libby laugh and plenty of sexual prowess, but he just doesn't have the bankroll.  Enter Ed, one of London's most eligible, weathiest, albeit stodgiest bachelor's. Libby must decide if the money is enough, if the money is what's going to keep her happy for the rest of her life because Ed is severly lacking in all the areas where Nick excelled.  We are drawn in to Libby's life and are forced to just hold on for the duration of this widly entertaing, wickedly funny ride!<br />Jane Green can't write fast enough for me.  I love her style and her wit. For those who have not yet discovered Jane Green, they are in for a huge treat with each and every novel and I envy them, what with all the wonderful reading experiences they have before them.  I was going to wait for Jane Green's \\"Babyville\\" to come out in paperback, but I don't think I can.'t think I can.
From the very beginning I got the feeling that this book wanted to be an important piece of women's fiction and didn't quite make it to that level.  Then I thought that perhaps this book could be considered chick-lit but then again it isn't quite light and frothy enough.  But just because I don't know quite where to place this book doesn't mean that it is not good and well worth the read.  I wanted something a little different and I got it with this book.<br />In this wacky, modern-day Goldilocks tale, Ellen Kaplan returns home to Philmont, PA after a two year stint galavanting around Europe.  She intends to surprise her parents, but the tables are turned and she is in for the surprise of her life.  Her brother, James who incidentally never has had a serious girlfriend has now met April and moved her into their childhood home and quite literally into Ellen's bed.  April has taken over Ellen's position as the favorite one in the family.  She has turned Ellen's political and powerful parents into the absolute antithesis of that.  James, who is normally driven by all things academic has now dropped his Ph.D work to become a garbage collector because he wants to find true happiness.<br />According to Ellen, April has wormed her way in to the busom of the Kaplan family, Ellen has become the outcast and everything is all April's fault.  So, Ellen wages a small war to evict her from the family, but in the process has made a transformation and discovered things about her life and her family that she never bothered to see until April showed her they were there.  From the beginning, Ellen is portrayed as the spoiled, free-loading golden child, but the transformation she makes is remarkable and together with her sharp wit and good-spiritedness that is what wins us over.<br />This is a quirky first novel about an eccentric family.  You are not likely to run into a novel quite like this one ant time soon.
This book had been sitting on my shelf for awhile so as a break from all the chick lit I have been reading, I decided to crack the cover on this one and I was not disappointed--Infact, far from it.  I think the author made a very wise choice in having fifteen year old Tamara narrate this story.  Her fiestiness and very wry sense of humor often made me chuckle out loud.  Having life filtered through Tamara's eyes very much endeared her to me and made the story come alive.<br />In this coming of age story, Tamara not only has to deal with her body's physical changes and her curiosities about sex, but heaped upon it all is the fact that her family is moving again.  (They have moved almost every year of her life.)  Her Father, Stuart, is an eccentric painter, hence the reason for all the moving.  Add to that Tamara's mother is highly intellectual.  She doesn't believe in anything that isn't concrete.  Because of this Tamara struggles with her feelings about God.  During her four month stay in Mayville, NY, Tamara has met many people that have undoubtedly changed her life, she has dealt with death head on, kept her family together, and even learned how to deal with her emotionally bankrupt father.<br />This book was a pleasure to read and left me with a peaceful feeling in my heart.  I will probably order Sarah Willis' next book as soon as I am done writing this review.
Every once in a while a book comes along that inspires us and moves us to tears all at the same time all the while making it hard for us to tear our eyes away.  That's what this book did for me: It gave me the gift of an equally rare and wonderful reading experience that will resonate within me for a long, long time.<br />The Song Reader is the story of two sisters who are seemingly alone against the world.  Mary Beth is the legal custodian for her younger sister, LeAnn.  Mary Beth supports them both as a waitress and a Song Reader, which if you're anything like me and associate a certain year with what was playing on the radio, or your favorite song with a paticularly happy time in your life you will understand the concept of song reading.  Through these girls' indescibably strong bond they somehow make it work, but their life certainly is not without struggle and pain.  Mary Beth doesn't understand LeAnn and vice versa and it's the unanswered questions and years of bottled up anguish that [possibly may] tear this family apart.<br />I am a [fan] for a coming of age story, but this one is a cut above all the rest.  LeAnn is struggling with her feelings and finding her place in the world.  Both she and her Sister, Mary Beth are honest, hearwrenching characters that will take up residence in your heart and mind for a long time.<br />Lisa Tucker has out done herself on her first time out.  She has important things to say and a very unique way of saying them.  If she hasn't already, I'm sure she will soon become quite an important strong voice in cotemporary fiction.  I am anxiously awaiting another wonderful novel by Ms. Tucker!!
For her first attempt, Theresa Allen has written a good book, an enjoyable book, one that was not a waste of time to read.  But I would not compare her to the other masters of chick-lit (i.e. Marian Keyes and Jane Green) just yet.  But if she keeps writing and keeps improving, I'm sure she'll develop a loyal following.<br />This book centers around three women: Avery, Rette, and Jen who are all in their mid-twenties to early thirties and struggling with things that at one time or another every women has struggled with.  These women are stuck in the fast lane intent on finding the perfect guy, the perfect body, the perfect job. All three women are there for one another as best friends always should be.  Yet, they are oddly jealous of each other at times because each has something the other wants.<br />The &quot;plot&quot; if you can call it that really didn't develop until midway through the book and I felt that the ending was too abrupt and just a little corny.  I would have liked more development of the healthy relationships in these girls' life and less about their relationships in the workplace.<br />All in all, this was an easy, fast and witty read.  Perfect for a long weekend so sink into your favorite reading chair, unplug the phone and enjoy!
Thank you Amazon.com!  This book was recommended to me when I logged on to buy something else and boy, am I glad.  I probably wouldn't have given it more than a passing glance in the bookstore, but I read the other reviews here on Amazon and was impressed.  I finished this book wanting more.  I was drawn into the lives of Kennedy and Declan and have been wondering since finishing the book just last night: What would have happened between this couple if the book was just a bit longer?  Don't get me wrong, the ending was quite satisfying as was the whole reading experience, but I for one wasn't ready to let the story end.<br />Kennedy Burns very quickly finds herself as a single mother when her husband Frank leaves her as well as his job at a lucrative law firm to become of all things, a yoga instructor!!  Kennedy also happens to be dealing with a very difficult teenage daughter who wants to find her real father.  This premise has been dealt with in lots of women's fiction before this, but I really felt that this book dealt all these things in a fresh, new way.<br />At first, I really couldn't relate to Kennedy. I thought her character was flat and there didn't seem to be a connection between her and her daughters or for that matter, what was happening in her life.  I felt that the author was just simply telling a story and as the reader, I was just reading the words printed on the page, I wasn't becoming involved.  But that is the beauty of this novel.  I continued to change my opinion as Kennedy changed, matured and grew into her new life.  A nice thing to see was that Kennedy, who was once very dependent transformed into someone very self-reliant.<br />Because of the cover art and the title one might think that this is just another run of the mill chick-lit book.  Really, there is something deeper and more satisfying at work here.  You will be sad when this one ends!!
The cover art and the title drew me in, but I have to admit this story got a little long and didn't have that extra little bit of originality I was looking for.  But, to expect something other than an incredibly dishy, fluffy summertime read would be expecting to much. Afterall, this is not meant to be an incredibly literary book.<br />Andrea Sachs is a girl who thinks that by putting her time in in the trenches at a glitzy New York fashion magazine and working for the world's most horribly demanding boss that she'll be able to write her own ticket and persue her dream to write for The New Yorker.  So What....??!?!? That's what all 350+ pages of this book keep repeating.  Andrea desperately wants to work for The New Yorker and she is forced to work for this total witch of a woman, Miranda Priestly, who happens to be IT when it comes to the world of high fashion.  I did enjoy Miranda's antics throughout the book, though and the ending was better than I thought it would be.  However, I still made it all the way to the end of the book, turned the last page and thought: Oh! Well, it's over, I'm finished, on to my next book.  And I have to say that I hate feeling that way.  I also should tell you that I'm glad I borrowed this book instead of paying for it.  Will I read any future novels by Ms. Weisberger?  Probably, but if her future endevors aren't any better than this debut effort, I will most likely excersize my right to choose and choose something else.
The words and imagery are so powerful that the reader is forced to just grab on and not let go.  Bridget Fox is forced to endure almost more than is humanly possible, yet she is not a victim; she is the very symbol of strength and an advocate to her autistic daughter and bipolar husband.  I don't want to reveal much more than that because the pleasure of reading this book is almost immesurable.  Elizabeth Burns may be a poet in her soul, but I am anxiously awaiting her next novel.
I look forward to other books by Carolyn Parkhurst.  I am hooked for she is an amazing new talent.  Her writing is so authoratative and no-nonsense while at the same time being sensitive and poignant.<br />Paul Iverson has lost his beloved wife, Lexy in an apparent accident.  Their dog Lorelei was the only witness; so being a linguist by trade, Paul is desperate to teach the dog to talk, or at least communicate with him more effectively so that he can make sense of the strange &quot;clues&quot; that Lexy left him.  I don't believe this novel is a true mystery, although it is continuously surprising and darkly haunting.  It is a novel that most accurately describes the facets of love and grief.  At it's core, this beautiful story is about finding meaning and it tells us that we are not always what we seem, that we are masked from one another, even from the ones we love the most.  Perhaps that is where the mystery of this story lies.<br />I read this book over the weekend in two large sittings.  Parts of it were disturbing, but also very insightful and wise.  I couldn't put it down.
Anna Maxted is a truly gifted writer and I did enjoy this book, but I too found Natalie annoying and selfish.  This selfishness begins at page one and continues for about two-thirds of the book.  Natalie though, is a people pleaser, she always wants to do the right thing,achieve the highest honor, and NEVER fail.  Just as her best friend, Babs is walking down the aisle, Natalie's perfect facade begins to crack.  She truly doesn't know how she'll survive when her best friend is \\"married\\" to someone else.  Natalie also must face the truth about her anorexia, her parents marriage, her brothers secret life...she finally handles all this (quite well I might add)but she was lucky she had Babs and Andy around to help her face her demons.<br />If you are looking for a plot driven novel, this isn't the book for you.  What this book does have going for it though, is a cast of memorable characters and very witty dialogue.  I found myself laughing out loud many times.  Even though I was slightly disappointed in this book, it won't stop me from reading anything else by Anna Maxted.
The story belongs to Elizabeth Whitley who, like generations of women before her, is a midwife in a remote Virginia mining town.  As the story begins (just prior to World War I,) Elizabeth is in training alongside her mother learning the joys and horrible sorrows that are all part of the job.  The reader is soon to discover, though that Elizabeth must endure much more than helping babies come into the world.  For this is a story of complicated relationships,unrequited love, fierce friendships and redemption. It weaves a complex web and very easily casts a spell over the lucky reader.  Enjoy!!
I was forced to stay up late into the night last night to finish this novel.  That is to say that I just could not tear my eyes from the page, even after I finally closed this book, I lay awake thinking about it.  When a book can do that it deserves the highest rating there is to give (and from a first time novelist no less!)<br />How do we forgive the unforgivable?  That is the question that is at the crux of this well etched novel.  This is a novel about women on death row, but just to say that would be selling this book incredibly too short.  The story centers around three women: Celia, Franny, and Karen. Their lives become inextricably entertwined during a few short months in the hot Texas summer.  All three have dealt with copious amounts of sadness throughout their lives and in the end have managed to work through it with tremendous grace.<br />This is a compelling read, very vivid, poetic.  Ms. Eyre-Ward's style and her characters are memorable, no nonsense and very very real. I look forward to more by this author!!  I have read many really good books so far this year, but the hours I spent engulfed in this story and these women's lives were the most rewarding.
Before reading \\"Three Junes\\", I had read several light, summertime reading novels, so when I started this novel, I was thrown for a loop through no fault of the author's.  At first I thought this book was full of cumbersome language that was hard to navigate.  After giving this book a second chance I discovered that every word written on every page is there for a reason and the author weaves us into the tapestry of this story with effortless skill.  This truly is a literary novel; one to be savored like fine wine or wonderful chocolate.<br />Quite simply, I fell in love with the McLeod clan.  The first section of the novel is dedicated to the patriarch of the family, Paul McLeod in the wake of his wife Maureen's death.  We are introduced to his children, the oldest Fenno and the twins, David and Dennis.  Paul McLeod is a proud proper sort of man whose Scottish roots run very deep.  I literally felt the love Paul had for his life and all its facets even if he wasn't able to express it to his children.  He admires all of his sons even though they choose not to join the family business and each follow their own path.  The section dedicated to Paul ended much to soon and I was left grappling for more.<br />I disagree with some of the reviews I have read that say the middle section that is told Fenno's point of view is too long.  Fenno very tenderly and unsentimentally tells about his life as a gay man living in New York.  I was touched by his relationship with Mal and at many points in the book, I found myself smiling through tears.<br />The last section of the book tries to tie up all the loose ends, but doesn't really succeed.  I felt happy and relieved about certain aspects at the end, but again was left wanting more.<br />Even in the face of death by Cancer and AIDS, this book is filled with so much life that it overflows.  It is a wonderful multi-generational book that feeds the soul.
About half way through this book, I thought I would only give it 4 stars at most.  I didn't think it was as good as Jemima J, which is the first book I read by Ms. Green.  What can I say, I was WRONG!!  This book is every bit as good as Jemima J and I will continue to read everything that this author writes.  Her books are funny and poignant and witty and the perfect beach read....just be sure to bring plenty of sunblock because you will want to read this book in one sitting. Jane Green sure has a flare for writing the perfect British Chick-Lit novel.  You will surely fall in love with Cath and Simon and Josh and Lucy and the lovely, ambitious Portia just as I did.  This book has enough twists and turns within the lives of these very close friends to keep the reader happily turning the pages.  So, tune in to see how they weather the storms of love, friendhip and life...you're in for a treat!!
About half way through this book, I thought I would only give it 4 stars at most.  I didn't think it was as good as Jemima J, which is the first book I read by Ms. Green.  What can I say, I was WRONG!!  This book is every bit as good as Jemima J and I will continue to read everything that this author writes.  Her books are funny and poignant and witty and the perfect beach read....just be sure to bring plenty of sunblock because you will want to read this book in one sitting. Jane Green sure has a flare for writing the perfect British Chick-Lit novel.  You will surely fall in love with Cath and Simon and Josh and Lucy and the lovely, ambitious Portia just as I did.  This book has enough twists and turns within the lives of these very close friends to keep the reader happily turning the pages.  So, tune in to see how they weather the storms of love, friendhip and life...you're in for a treat!!
Suspense is not the reason I think we read novels by Nicholas Sparks.  He is out of his element here with trying to intertwine a suspense novel and a romance novel.<br />A widdow at 29,  Julie is not ready to give up on love quite yet.  With the promise from her dead husband to always watch over her and the unexpected gift of a puppy to be her guardian, Julie must choose between a very sophisticated suitor and the man who used to be her husband's best friend.  I think we all know how the story will end before we wvwn finish the first chapter.  But this book offers hours of light, easy entertaining reading--the perfect book to relax on vacation with.
It took me two very long weeks to read this book.  I felt no connection whatsoever to any of the characters and I felt the writing was just one cliche after another.  I got the feeling that the author himself felt that a bi-racial romance in this day and age was still a scandalous thing and that really made me angry.<br />This would have been a much better book in my opinion, if it was just about two people looking for happiness who got in over their heads.  I did not appreciate the emphasis on the black/white issue.  Sure, a black woman and a white man can embark on an affair, fall in love, but I don't have to be hit over the head with the difference in their races in every other sentence of the writing.
When I read a book, I really like to be drawn into the lives of the characters and although the psychological components in this book were really good, I felt let down because I just felt like I was reading a bizarre story and that was it.  Faith Duckle is a girl who, at fifteen, has already experienced the worst life has to offer, she is gang-raped by a bunch of boys at a Homecoming dance, she is institutionalized because of a suicide attempt.<br />I loved how the author let us know that Faith was an extremely dammaged girl by introducing us to Fat Girl.  I believe Faith had to compartmentalize her life in order to survive.<br />My first reaction while reading was anger towards Faith's mother. She has her own addiction, is afraid of her daughter and even though it is some seven months later and Faith is back from the institution, her mother still doesn't seem to cope very well.  Faith is sent to a psychologist to no avail.  She feels different from everybody else and after one more terrible event Faith decides to run away and join the circus?!?!  I don't know if that's the place for someone to go who is seeing people and hearing voices that aren't really there, but whatever.<br />Once Faith leaves home, she has some interesting experiences and while she's with the Circus, she goes through a sort of metamorphasis and finally starts to feel like she belongs somewhere.  But at the Circus?  The ending of this book was very disappointing.  I wanted something more.  And I'm still left thinking...How does the Circus and mental illness fit together?  I think Ms. Davis wanted to tell the story of a young,troubled girl in a different way, but the Circus theme was a little to far-fetched for me.
First of all, I have to thank James Frey for sharing this book with us.  His is a story the likes of which I have never read.  It is a comprehensive, heart wrenching, brutally honest account of substance abuse, addiction, self loathing and ultimately redemption. This book should be read by anyone whose life has been touched by any type of addiction.  The writing is fantastic, James's uncoquerable spirit is present in every poetic line. I cannot believe he survived some of the things that are described in this book. Many times as I was reading, I had to put the book aside for a moment because it was all too much to take in at one time. Now imagine living like that.  The best thing I can say about this book is even if the reader is the most cynical of people, he or she will come away having learned something.  I know I did and I won't forget this story for a long, long time.  Mr. Frey has such a unique voice and I look forward to anything else he writes.
I have learned that if a book doesn't grab you within the first 50 pages or so to foget about it and move onto something else.  This book had me hooked within the first 20 pages.  This book does a wonderful job at exploring that very fine line between love and obsession at times I felt like I was reading Genny's personal diary, but this book is much more than a smutty beach read.  Did Genny Haviland kill her lover or did she save him from a terrible disease that would rob him of everything he knows and holds dear? M.J. Rose's writing style is efortless and smooth.  Half the story is told in the present tense during the murder trial and half the story is told through the use of flashbacks, which normally can be hard for the reader to follow, but in this instance they are used to define very important elements in the story.  Ms. Rose's writing style is masterful, the reader becomes totally absorbed in the tapestry of the story, there are passages that read like poetry that force the reader to go back and read them again.  It was impossible for me not to turn the pages, I was transfixed and I will definetly be on the lookout for more by M.J. Rose!!
Marian Keyes, I believe is the best writer in her genre today.  I have read other British/Irish Chick-Lit books as it were by authors such as Jane Green, Anna Maxted and Lisa Jewell, but Marian Keyes is by far the best!!  I love her fast paced writing style and her turn of phrase.  Many times while reading this book, I found myself laughing out loud. The way Ms. Keyes uses dialogue and descriptions of people and events throughout her storytelling is truly masterful.  Her characters always sparkle and there is a real authenticity to them.  One can tell just by reading a couple of chapters tht the author really cares about them.<br />Rachel Walsh is a 27-year old woman who hits rock bottom and is forced to face her addictions, her issues with denial, and her life that has come apart at the seams.  She must leave New York and travel back to her native Ireland (against her will, I might add because of course she thinks there is nothing wrong with her) to enter a treatment center.  Right from the start, the reader is drawn into Rachel's world and we follow her roller-coaster ride of a journey through addiction, denial, loss, acceptance, and redemption.  I think the idea that just because this book is written about drug addiction and treatment, that it can't or shouldn't be funny is wrong  This book is so good because it is funny and because it is real and because the reader learns to care for an inassuming heroine.  I am a huge fan and will keep reading as long as she writes.  So, keep 'em coming Marian!!
Okay....I'll admit it, when this book came out in hardcover, I was struck by the interesting title and the cover art.  But I didn't want to spend the money,so when it came out in paperback, I got it and read it almost right away.  I was disappointed that I really didn't connect with Sissy. I was entertained by her attitudes about life and her survival guide for Southern women, but that was about it.  I think this book longs to be compared to Ya-Ya Sisterhood, but there just aren't really any good reasons to comparwe the two.
Usually I LOVE what I call &quot;British Chick Lit&quot;, but this one fell a little short for me.  Six people who are either friends, lovers, or neighbors make up the cast of this story.  They are all supposed to be in their late 20's to mid 30's, so in other words they are all supposed to be grown-ups.  At times this story makes me think of people that are still in highschool what with all their jelousies and back stabbing.  What was with that mustard incident between Jem and Ralph??  I felt like I was reading someone's secret diary of fantasies.  (What is exactly what Ralph does to get to know Jem a bit better because he fell in love with her almost from the moment she moved into the flat he shares with his long time friend, Smith.  I loved the characters of Siobhan and Karl. They made the story for me.  <br />This is very light, at-the-beach type reading,so I guess it served it's purpose...maybe I just wasn't in the mood.
Usually I LOVE what I call &quot;British Chick Lit&quot;, but this one fell a little short for me.  Six people who are either friends, lovers, or neighbors make up the cast of this story.  They are all supposed to be in their late 20's to mid 30's, so in other words they are all supposed to be grown-ups.  At times this story makes me think of people that are still in highschool what with all their jelousies and back stabbing.  What was with that mustard incident between Jem and Ralph??  I felt like I was reading someone's secret diary of fantasies.  (What is exactly what Ralph does to get to know Jem a bit better because he fell in love with her almost from the moment she moved into the flat he shares with his long time friend, Smith.  I loved the characters of Siobhan and Karl. They made the story for me.  <br />This is very light, at-the-beach type reading,so I guess it served it's purpose...maybe I just wasn't in the mood.
Usually I LOVE what I call &quot;British Chick Lit&quot;, but this one fell a little short for me.  Six people who are either friends, lovers, or neighbors make up the cast of this story.  They are all supposed to be in their late 20's to mid 30's, so in other words they are all supposed to be grown-ups.  At times this story makes me think of people that are still in highschool what with all their jelousies and back stabbing.  What was with that mustard incident between Jem and Ralph??  I felt like I was reading someone's secret diary of fantasies.  (What is exactly what Ralph does to get to know Jem a bit better because he fell in love with her almost from the moment she moved into the flat he shares with his long time friend, Smith.  I loved the characters of Siobhan and Karl. They made the story for me.<br />This is very light, at-the-beach type reading,so I guess it served it's purpose...maybe I just wasn't in the mood.
Seriously, if your budget only allows you to buy a couple of books a year, make sure this one is at the top of your list.  This book was impossible to put down!! I have to get ready for a job interview this morning, but I had to finish this book first.  I loved the premise: Charles Schine is a middle-aged man going through a bit of a mid-life crisis.  His daughter is sick, his wife is distant and unhappy, he's having problems at work, but everything happens for a reason and he ends up taking a later train into work one day.  That's when he meets the sinfully beautiful Lucinda....and Everything changes.<br />I hate cliche's, but it's true.....this book grabs you from the very beginning and doesn't let go.  I highly recommend this book, however, make sure you have nothing really important that has to get done right away because you won't want to put this book down!
I always feel, when I pick up a book by Ms. Hoffman, that I am in for a treat and this book was no exception.  I love the descriptive almost poetic style of writing.  From the beginning, the reader is taken on a magical, mystical journey that is not easily forgotten.  There are parts of this book that seemingly come from a children's fairy tale or fableyet hey seem entirely plausible because, I think, Ms. Hoffman really cares about her characters and what happens to them.<br />The reader will enjoy this story of a modern marriage, a young woman who is trapped by her fears, a high school girl that is at the heart of all the sin and passion of the story.  This is a good story of myth, magic and reality
I just finished \\"The Usual Rules\\" and found myself thinking that I had to go out and find a book just like, or very similar to this one.  My next thought, though was that there aren't too many books out there that are as perfectly pitched as this one.  Every page is meant to be savored.  I was afraid to read this book because even though I live thousands of miles away from New York City, and no one I knew died during the 9/11 attacks, I thought it was unfair to fictionalize those events...(and maybe, in a way trivialize them.) Boy, was I wrong.  I applaud Ms. Maymard for writing a book that will help people deal with all sorts of sadness and loss in their lives.<br />I thought it brilliant the way the story was told from the point of view of 13-year old, Wendy.  I loved the character of Josh, too.  I wish we all could have a father like him.  Pay close attention to the letter Josh writes to Wendy while she's in New York.  I started crying then and didn't stop until the end of the book, which was about 150 pages later.  The way Wendy is able to be so, so strong in the face of such hearbreak is amazing to me.  Her little brother Louie, is lucky to have her for a big sister.  This book will stay with me for a long, long time.
I would probably give this book three and half stars overall.  I enjoyed getting to know all the characters and the town of Empire Falls. I was sucked into the story almost immediately.  Miles Roby is the happiest sad man I've met.  His daughter, Tick is amazing.  Now that the book has ended, I wish I could have them both over for coffee and catch up.  Mr. Russo sure knows how to bring you as the reader into a small town, not just as an observer, but one who actually lives there.  Many times I wanted to go to Callahan's and commiserate with Bea about what a mistake her daughter was making by marrying the \\"Silver Fox\\".  I wanted to hug Miles for always wanting to do the right thing and I wanted to wring Janine's neck for thinking that just because she re-discovered sex and lost weight that she had truly changed.<br />There are a couple of slow spots in this book and because of the sometimes overly desriptive writing, the book kind of meanders (which I suppose is part of small-town life) to a satisfying finish.  Pulitzer Prize Winner?  that's questionable.  However, this is a really good portrait of life in a small town and a fine piece of literature.
This book was really bad!!  I couldn't even finish it.  My advice read something by Marian Keyes or Jane Green instead.
This is the first book that I read by Jodi Picoult.  I was just passing by it in the book store and boy, am I glad I did!!  The other two books I have read by Ms. Picoult are just as good as this one if not better.  The Pact centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds.  They have lived next door to each other for years, raised their children together. So, it would only stand to reason that Chris Harte and Emily Gold grow up together and become lovers.  It's almost like Chris and Emily are different halves of the same person.  The readerreally becomes immersed in the book when Chis Harte is embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry.  Jodi Picoult really has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
I seriously do not know what all the hoopla is about that is surrounding this book.  Everyone seems to love it and I didn't.  I don't know, maybe I missed something.  This book is part Greek myth, part age old legend and part coming of age thriller.  All in all, too many parts!! I kept waiting for something more to happen after I solved the mystery.
This is the first book that I read by Jodi Picoult.  I was just passing by it in the book store and boy, am I glad I did!!  The other two books I have read by Ms. Picoult are just as good as this one if not better.  The Pact centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds.  They have lived next door to each other for years, raised their children together. So, it would only stand to reason that Chris Harte and Emily Gold grow up together and become lovers.  It's almost like Chris and Emily are different halves of the same person.  The readerreally becomes immersed in the book when Chis Harte is embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry.  Jodi Picoult really has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
This is the first book that I read by Jodi Picoult. I was just passing by it in the book store and boy, am I glad I did!! The other two books I have read by Ms. Picoult are just as good as this one if not better. The Pact centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds. They have lived next door to each other for years, raised their children together. So, it would only stand to reason that Chris Harte and Emily Gold grow up together and become lovers. It's almost like Chris and Emily are different halves of the same person. The readerreally becomes immersed in the book when Chis Harte is embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry. Jodi Picoult really has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
This is the first novel that I read by Jodi Picoult.  I was just passing by it in the bookstore and picked it up on a whim, (which is something I never do) because I thought the art on the cover was interesting, But in this case boy, am I glad I did!! The story centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds.  They have lived next door to each other for years, shared their homes and their lives, not to mention raised their children together.  So, it stands to reason that Emily Harte grow up as best friends and become lovers.  The reader really becomes immersed in the book very early on when Chris becomes embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry.  Jodi Picoult rally has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
It has been a long time since I have read a book by Nora Roberts and I think I may be hooked again.  I loved the  Sullivan family and the way Ms. Roberts tied a cast of very different characters together in a meaningful way. The story of these three silver Greek statues and this Irish family may have been over the top at times, but I didn't seem to mind because this book sucked me in from the very first page.  This is a story of luck and love and the mystery of a priceless family heirloom that you will not want to miss!!
This is the first book that I read by Jodi Picoult.  I was just passing by it in the book store and boy, am I glad I did!!  The other two books I have read by Ms. Picoult are just as good as this one if not better.  The Pact centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds.  They have lived next door to each other for years, raised their children together. So, it would only stand to reason that Chris Harte and Emily Gold grow up together and become lovers.  It's almost like Chris and Emily are different halves of the same person.  The readerreally becomes immersed in the book when Chis Harte is embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry.  Jodi Picoult really has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
This is the first book that I read by Jodi Picoult.  I was just passing by it in the book store and boy, am I glad I did!!  The other two books I have read by Ms. Picoult are just as good as this one if not better.  The Pact centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds.  They have lived next door to each other for years, raised their children together. So, it would only stand to reason that Chris Harte and Emily Gold grow up together and become lovers.  It's almost like Chris and Emily are different halves of the same person.  The readerreally becomes immersed in the book when Chis Harte is embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry.  Jodi Picoult really has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
This is the first book that I read by Jodi Picoult.  I was just passing by it in the book store and boy, am I glad I did!!  The other two books I have read by Ms. Picoult are just as good as this one if not better.  The Pact centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds.  They have lived next door to each other for years, raised their children together. So, it would only stand to reason that Chris Harte and Emily Gold grow up together and become lovers.  It's almost like Chris and Emily are different halves of the same person.  The readerreally becomes immersed in the book when Chis Harte is embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry.  Jodi Picoult really has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
I seriously do not know what all the hoopla is about that is surrounding this book.  Everyone seems to love it and I didn't.  I don't know, maybe I missed something.  This book is part Greek myth, part age old legend and part coming of age thriller.  All in all, too many parts!! I kept waiting for something more to happen after I solved the mystery.
This is the first book that I read by Jodi Picoult.  I was just passing by it in the book store and boy, am I glad I did!!  The other two books I have read by Ms. Picoult are just as good as this one if not better.  The Pact centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds.  They have lived next door to each other for years, raised their children together. So, it would only stand to reason that Chris Harte and Emily Gold grow up together and become lovers.  It's almost like Chris and Emily are different halves of the same person.  The readerreally becomes immersed in the book when Chis Harte is embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry.  Jodi Picoult really has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
This is the first book that I read by Jodi Picoult.  I was just passing by it in the book store and boy, am I glad I did!!  The other two books I have read by Ms. Picoult are just as good as this one if not better.  The Pact centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds.  They have lived next door to each other for years, raised their children together. So, it would only stand to reason that Chris Harte and Emily Gold grow up together and become lovers.  It's almost like Chris and Emily are different halves of the same person.  The readerreally becomes immersed in the book when Chis Harte is embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry.  Jodi Picoult really has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
This is the first book that I read by Jodi Picoult.  I was just passing by it in the book store and boy, am I glad I did!!  The other two books I have read by Ms. Picoult are just as good as this one if not better.  The Pact centers around two families: the Hartes and the Golds.  They have lived next door to each other for years, raised their children together. So, it would only stand to reason that Chris Harte and Emily Gold grow up together and become lovers.  It's almost like Chris and Emily are different halves of the same person.  The readerreally becomes immersed in the book when Chis Harte is embroiled in the drama of a suicide pact gone awry.  Jodi Picoult really has a knack for writing about rather disturbing subjects with a cast of characters that the reader really learns to care about.
I have now read three novels by Jodi Picoult and have loved every one.  This is a good book about relationships, motherhood and the choices we make.  The book centers around Paige and Nicholas Prescott.  Paige is a co-dependent mother who has recently given birth to a son, but who seriously doubts her abilities as a parent.  So, she leaves her son with his father for a time and goes off in search of answers about herself, her mother and her life.  As we as the reader travel with Paige throughout this journey of self discovery, we find out that Paige is indeed a strong woman in her own right.  Nicholas Prescott is a Cardiologist at the top of his game, he is very stoic however and has a bit of a God complex.  He goes through a transformation of his own and soon we are able to get a glimpse at what at his good qualities as well and also see what agood father he is.  This is a good book to curl up with on a rainy Sunday afternoon.  Ms. Picoult is a masterful writer who gets the reader involved in the lives of her characters and really makes you care about them.  More than once since finishing this book, I have wondered how Nicholas and Paige are doing.
I have now read three novels by Jodi Picoult and have loved every one.  This is a good book about relationships, motherhood and the choices we make.  The book centers around Paige and Nicholas Prescott.  Paige is a co-dependent mother who has recently given birth to a son, but who seriously doubts her abilities as a parent.  So, she leaves her son with his father for a time and goes off in search of answers about herself, her mother and her life.  As we as the reader travel with Paige throughout this journey of self discovery, we find out that Paige is indeed a strong woman in her own right.  Nicholas Prescott is a Cardiologist at the top of his game, he is very stoic however and has a bit of a God complex.  He goes through a transformation of his own and soon we are able to get a glimpse at what at his good qualities as well and also see what agood father he is.  This is a good book to curl up with on a rainy Sunday afternoon.  Ms. Picoult is a masterful writer who gets the reader involved in the lives of her characters and really makes you care about them.  More than once since finishing this book, I have wondered how Nicholas and Paige are doing.
I have now read three novels by Jodi Picoult and have loved every one.  This is a good book about relationships, motherhood and the choices we make.  The book centers around Paige and Nicholas Prescott.  Paige is a co-dependent mother who has recently given birth to a son, but who seriously doubts her abilities as a parent.  So, she leaves her son with his father for a time and goes off in search of answers about herself, her mother and her life.  As we as the reader travel with Paige throughout this journey of self discovery, we find out that Paige is indeed a strong woman in her own right.  Nicholas Prescott is a Cardiologist at the top of his game, he is very stoic however and has a bit of a God complex.  He goes through a transformation of his own and soon we are able to get a glimpse at what at his good qualities as well and also see what agood father he is.  This is a good book to curl up with on a rainy Sunday afternoon.  Ms. Picoult is a masterful writer who gets the reader involved in the lives of her characters and really makes you care about them.  More than once since finishing this book, I have wondered how Nicholas and Paige are doing.
This is the third book I have read by this author and I have loved every one. This is a good book about relationships, motherhood and the choices we make.  This paticular story centers around Paige and Nicholas Prescott.  Paige is a young co-dependent mother who is very unsure about her abilities as a parent.  After she gives birth to a son, depression sets in and she leaves the baby with his father for three months.  Paige becomes desperate to find answers about her mother and about life.  Nicholas Prescott is a Cardiologist who is at the top of his game. He has a bit of a God complex and is very stoic, but we soon discover what a good father he is.  The same can be said for Paige.  She becomes a very strong woman in her own right and it was a very interesting journey to watch her get to that point.  This book had a very satisfying ending and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good book for a rainy Sunday afternoon.  Ms. Picoult is a masterful writer that gets us involved and caring about her characters.  More than once since finishing the book, I have caught myself wondeering how Nicholas and Paige are doing.
Joy Fielding always writes about women's issues very well and this book is no exception.  I look forward to Ms. Fielding's novels and are never disappointed.  This paticular story centers around four women who are best friends and go through many difficult times together. Parts of this book are so real that as the reader, I found myself throwing the book down in disgust and then picking it up later because I couldn't get these women out of my mind, I had to find out what was going to happen next.  One of Ms. Fielding's strength as a writer is her ability to create such believable, real characters.  I was glad I took this book on vacation with me because I had plenty of time to devote to reading it and I wasn't the least bit disappointed.
I was completely blown away by this book.  Every page taught me a lesson. This is a true story of two Harvard educated parents who find out that their son will be born with Down Syndrome and how they deal with that news during the pregnancy as well as after Adam's birth.  It truly is a magical story and as the reader, I found myself swept up in the often humorous, very well told story.  This book will stay with me for a long long time!!
I don't know where this little gem of a book was hiding, but I certainly am glad that I found it. I was immediately drawn to the main character, Elizabeth and found myself rooting for her in her desire for a family life and then later on through her trials with love and loss.  To me this book is about the choices we make and how everything that happens to us leaves it's mark on us somehow.
I have now read three books by Jodi Picoult, and this is my favorite.  It really raises some interesting questions about God, faith and religon.  7-year old Faith White starts seeing God and healing people after she witnesses her father in bed with another woman,which of course is very hard on both she and her mother.  This book had a very interesting plot intersected with some equally as interesting sub-plots.  Ms. Picoult does a wonderful job also of creating a cast of rich, unforgettable characters that totally engross the reader.  The only reason I gave this book 4 stars is that there are times when the point of view changes from that of the mother to an omniscient one, but even that doesn't really detract from the wonderful qualities of this book.
Sure, Wally Lamb has written two of the greatest books of all time and lent his expertise to the stories of the women in this book, but these women did a fine job on their own.  The stories of these women are heart-wrenching, but at the same time inspiring.  They are about as far away from victim-hood as one can possibly get. A great book leaves it's mark on the reader and this one has surely left a mark on me.  This is a book I will remember forever.  Yes, these women are all in prison, or have been in prison for doing terrible things, but they are not terrible people, they have all come to terms with their life and found peace through their writing.  Get your hands on a copy of this book, read it and pass it along to your friends and family, you won't be disappointed!!
