As a widower for ten years, this book is the best yet on the grief and grieving process.   Good practical information.   Not an academic type of publication.  I have read many such books since my spouse died.       Another excellent book is C.S. Lewis' \\"A Grief Observed\\".
One of the more influential books in my lifetime.<br /><br />Combine this book with books by Richard L. Rubenstein and the question of who God is becomes all the more perplexing and frightening.
As a former investigator on behalf of Florida death sentenced persons from 1986 - 1992, I can vouch for this book as an excellently written and informative about the testing of wills and struggles with God and the consequences of one's actions. Definitely beyond any shadow of a doubt a five star book and film. <br /> <br />
Great classic photographs of my dear Tallahassee.  To start learning about Tallahassee by means of photographs, this is the book to start with.
.....this book is not worth reading...unless one wants to read very out-of-date information.   The website for the Florida Commission on Capital Cases can provide one with much more reliable and current information.
This book is simply a must read -- historical and very humourous to boot -- for anyone interested in Florida history from pre-White-People to White-People invading and essentially exterminating the Native Americans to Election 2000 and Election 2002.       Diane is an excellent writer, having regularly -- over the years -- written for the St. Petersburg (Florida) Times and the Florida Flambeau (the now semi-defunct independent newspaper based on the FSU campus, but served the community as a whole).  And a commentator on National Public Radio.         Her writing style, content and humour have always been superb.      I don't know how better to put it:   Read this book!!!!!!!  You'll be glad you did!     Martin Dyckman (now retired from the St. Petersburg Times), Rick Flagg, Michael Moline, Michael McClelland and many other journalists worked at the \\"Flam\\" at one time or another.
A book so well researched and written that it flows like a meandering river.  The prose is wonderful. Very difficult to stop reading the book until the reading is completed.   <br /> <br />May Audrey Hepburn be in the Kingdom of God as I surely want to meet her and talk with her.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.    And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.    And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.    And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.    And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.    This 1992 edition includes contemporaneus information and revisions to his views when the book was originally published in 1967.      This book is likely his best and most challenging for Jews and Christians in particular.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.<br /><br />And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a &#34;Renaissance&#34; man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.  And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.  This book though is more recent.  And this is one of the best overview type of books on the Holocaust.,including the theological consequences of the Holocaust.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.    And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.<br /><br />And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.    And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.    And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.    And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Professor Rubenstein was my most fascinating and challenging professor at FSU during the 1970s. His range of intellectual inquiry makes him a \\"Renaissance\\" man. He has written numerous provocative and important books.<br /><br />And I am re-reading the books thirty plus years later.
Simply put, this is the most illuminating book on the topic I've ever read.  And her prose and observations flow wonderfully, leaving one with a substantially different and deeper understanding of genderization.
The authors were my professors at Florida State University in the early 1970s.   The book is a textbook style with critical extracts from various documents regarding religion in America.   There is a more recent edition than the 1970s.   <br /> <br />I recently purchased the book to use for reference material.  Still worth reading.
To be brief, the most interesting book on Michelangelo and Rafaello that I have ever read -- nearly as interesting and exciting as seeing the actual works of art!
I just want to highly recommend reading this book!!!    I'm a native of Florida.  In the late 1970s I began state-based political action and advocacy in Tallahassee.  I got to know Senator Bob Graham and I am very impressed with his legacy, integrity and intellect, as well as this book.
Insightful, substantially challenges Bush's assertions.  On a number of central issues of President Bush based upon his statements and priorities, the author basically tears President Bush into shreds -- however in a polite manner.
Worth purchasing for interesting photographs of Tallahassee and thus Florida's capital.
As a great fan of Cary Grant as actor and person, this book is simply a true delight to read.  Well written, documented and researched.
If you're interested in North Florida history and politics, then this is the best recent book on such matters.  As a North Floridian and history fan for 33 years, even I learned a lot about such matters.  Well written, researched and documented.
And this book helped me to better understand the Tampa Mob, however the book lacks details, rather is mostly a summary of the Mob in Tampa.
The book is well written, documented and illustrated.    The limited edition number is 8,000 for the hardback version.
If you any interest in Atlanta history, including Coca-Cola history, then this book is a must read at only 250 pages.  The writing style makes the reading very enjoyable.  The author previously wrote \\"Secret Formula\\", a history of Coca-Cola.
Having lived in Florence for six months in 1976 and visited a number of other times since then, Brunelleschi's Dome is deeply engraved into my memory and heart.  This book does well in giving one a better understanding of the difficulty in the construction of the dome and the background for the planning and construction.  Well worth the read.  I couldn't put it down except to sleep, thus finished it within two days.
Simply put, a wonderful read.  Check out the index for the wide variety of persons and movements that he covers.
For an excellent read on the topic of rape and war, please read \\"Against Our Will: Men, Women, and Rape\\" by Susan Brownmiller. The enormity of such crimes is well documented by Brownmiller. <BR> <BR>When I read the book in the late 1970s, my understanding of the sexual abuse consequences of war left me overwhelmed by the agony of millions of women through the ages. Upon re-reading it years later, the impact of the book still left me devastated.
For a good book from the perspective of death row:  &quot;A Checkered Past&quot; by William Van Poyck, on death row in Florida.  The book is available at amazon.com.
For a good book from the prespective of death row:    &quot;A Checkered Past&quot; by William Van Poyck, on death row in Florida.  The book is available via amazon.com.
The author has been incarcerated in Florida for most of his life, starting at age eleven.  His book is well worth the read, particularly for those who want a better understanding of such matters in Florida.  <br />He recounts his life, both committing crimes and incarcerated, as well as his many escapes.  For a person who has been incarcerated most of his life, he is a good writer and gives very worthwhile descriptions of Florida &quot;justice&quot;:  Way too many law enforcement officers lie about him, causing him to have even less respect for our quite flawed criminal justice system.  <br />He also recounts the injustices that others have suffered in Florida's &quot;correctional&quot; institutions.<br />And after he had been arrested for felony murder along with Frank Valdez, the death row inmate who was murdered by the prison guards in the late 1990s, he has a very powerful conversion experience to Christianity.
A very fine pictorial history of Tallahassee!   One of the first of many similar pictorial histories of Tallahassee.  <br />I've resided in Tallahassee since 1972, coming here as a sophomore from the University of South Florida (my home town being Tampa).  I never anticipated upon staying, however I slowly fell in love with Tallahassee -- and here I am 32 years later...still loving Tallahassee.
Simply a brief review as the book has been out for years, but is still worth your time to read how fundamental constitutional law is breathed to life from the words of our United States Constitution by the United States Supreme Court from a then backwater county, Bay County, Florida, in the Panhandle region of North Florida.  <br />Bay County's county seat is Panama City, next to the world famous Panama City Beach -- where girls go wild, spring break brings in thousands and thousands and where crime continues...
As a former investigator on behalf of death sentenced persons in Florida and thus knowing much about the cases of Ted Bundy, this book is a must read to better undertand serial murderers.    The night that Ted did his crimes in Tallahassee, I was breaking up with a college sweetheart until 6 am -- at which time I drove by the Chi Omega House, seeing dozens of law enforcement vehicles at the Chi Omega House -- my only thought was \\"What a hell of a party they had to break up.\\"       Not until she called me later that morning about what had actually occurred...  Until a suspect was arrested it appeared to me that EVERY male was considered a prime suspect by others.   Those days were amongst the strangest days I have ever experienced.    In later photographs of crowds gathered in front of the Chi Omega House, guess who appeared:  Ted Bundy.
Great selections from black abolitionists!!!
The aspect of this book that I particularly find extremely valuable are the lists of the top contributors to the political parties and all the presidential candidates --- simply GREAT for learning who-gave-it and who-got-it --- armed with this information, one can discuss the candidates and political parties at message boards, amongst friends and family, etc. and have a substantial edge on others about the influences upon our political parties and candidates.
Both David Von Drehle and Michael Mello's books are excellent and very well describe what life is like for those on death row and those representing death sentenced persons, particularly at the old CCR [Office of Capital Collateral Representative]. However there is more:     After Mark Olive voluntarily resigned from CCR about March 1988, Billy H. Nolas became the next Chief Litigator. It is extremely odd that neither Mello nor Von Drehle even mention Nolas nor the next Chief Litigator Martin or Marty J. McClain. For important reasons they should have.     Billy H. Nolas is an excellent litigator like Olive. Nolas was the Chief Litigator for the last two years of the Gov. Martinez \\"regime\\", which was the most difficult time in CCR history [during my employment there] with Martinez signing death warrants as if he was at a Republican Party event signing autographs.     Nolas resigned at the end of 1990, after Martinez had been defeated by former U.S. Senator Lawton Chiles and former U.S. House of Representatives member Buddy MacKay.     Nolas was completely drained from the years he endured and litigated while at CCR, due to the huge case load and the internecine warfare within the agency. McClain and his faction within CCR did their best to cause Nolas to leave -- eventually they were successful -- and THAT is when clients' cases began to suffer.     Martin J. McClain is an excellent litigator, however his strategic decisions in various cases are questionable. When Mello writes on page 245 of the hardcover version of \\"Dead Wrong\\" regarding CCR, \\"Look beneath the surface of CCR's 'success rates', however, and you'll find an artifice typical of hack public defender officers. CCR has in the past farmed out the hardest cases to outside lawyers (by finding that it has a 'conflict of interest')\\". The period of time that Mello is referring to is when Martin J. McClain was the Chief Litigator and Michael Minerva was the executive director of CCR.     As the premier example of McClain alleging a \\"conflict of interest\\" [and I can only assume with the consent of the director of CCR at the time, Michael Minerva] is the client Jerry Layne Rogers, Sr. -- a wrongfully convicted and innocent man -- Mr. Rogers's case in 1992 consisted of at least 80 boxes of documents, from court files, prosecutor and law enforcement files, trial and evidentiary hearing transcripts, etc. Mr. Rogers's case was the largest and most complicated that CCR has ever represented.     The second largest and most complicated was that of Mr. Gerald Stano, whose lead attorney during most of the development of his case was Mark Olive.     McClain simply didn't want to have such a complicated case as a CCR case, so McClain, in my considered insider opinion as Mr. Roger's only investigator from 1989 until my involuntary departure in 1992, alleged in a misrepresentation to the Florida Supreme Court (FSC) that he had a \\"conflict of interest\\" with Mr. Rogers -- while Mr. Rogers's case was pending at the FSC.     As a result, Mr. Rogers had no counsel for an extended period of time until the Washington, D.C. law firm Covington and Burling became his pro bono counsel in 1995. The result was an unanimous FSC 26 page opinion ordering a new trial due primarily to prosecutorial misconduct, in particular Brady v. Maryland violations.     To read the opinion, go to the Florida Supreme Court website, to recent opinions, to the year 2001, scroll down to February 15, 2001.    During the summer of 2002, Mr. Rogers was re-convicted, however the jury recommended and Mr. Rogers received a life sentence. Thus for a second time Mr. Rogers has been wrongfully convicted.     Another wrongfully convicted Florida death row inmate, who is now a free man, Juan Melendez, testified about his neighbor on death row, Mr. Rogers. Mr. Rogers taught him how to speak, read and write in English as well as assisting him in coping skills while on death row.     In 2004, the Florida 5th District Court of Appeal denied relief.  The FSC declined to accept jurisdiction and thus denied the petition for review.     Mr. Rogers' case is pending Federal review.
Alberto Giacometti is among my favorite 20th century sculptors -- his semi-representational sculptures are powerful and expressive of the alienation and estrangement of the human condition.
Giacometti well expressed the alienation and estrangement of the human condition in his sculpture.
Having attended the Florida State University Study Program \\"a Firenze\\" from June to December 1976 and having returned nearly ten times since, Giambologna became one of my favorite Renaissance-Mannerist-Baroque sculptors.  This book very well summarizes his life and works.  Please enjoy learning more about Giambologna!
Charles Avery does an excellent job summarizing Gian Lorenzo Bernini's life and works.  This is probably the best introduction to Bernini available as a starting point -- there are many other books that give more exhaustive analysis, text, photographs and diagrams.  As a starter, you will have chosen the best with this book.  <br />From June to December 1976 I was a student on the Florida State University study program &quot;a Firenze&quot;, which totally changed my life and world view, causing me to return almost ten times since 1976.  Bernini is my favorite Baroque sculptor.
Hibbard is one of the world's most respected and informed historians of sculpture.  And he's a good writer too.  That sums up my review.  Enjoy the reading and the wonderful photographs!!!
The author is so well-known in his highest quality scholarly works that if the book is by him, one can rest assured that you are reading among the very best in art history.   Enough said.
As a former investigator on behalf of Florida death sentenced persons from 1986 - 1992, I can vouch for this book as excellently written and informative.  Its treatment of the testing of wills and struggles with God and the consequences of one's actions makes it one of the best in its genre.  Definitely beyond any shadow of a doubt a five star book and film.
Dr. Debra Anne Susie was another editor for The Black Abolitionist Papers.      Her Ph.D. in the Humanities at the Florida State University was later published by the same title by the University of Georgia Press (1988):  \\"In the Way of Our Grandmothers:  A Cultural View of Twentieth-Century Midwifery in Florida\\" (244 pages).  Her book is also available at amazon.com!
Al Franken's \\"Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right\\" is both highly reliable and humourous -- a compelling and entertaining book at the same time.  Thank you Al Franken!
The author was the public relations spokesperson for the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, thus he had a great insiders perspective.  He includes insightful insider stories.  Great read!
If only for the photographs, the book is well worth the money.
Florida's death row and capital litigation history from the early 1970s to about 1992.   Incredibly great read.  I literally couldn't put it down.   Having been an investigator for the Office of Capital Collateral Representative (CCR) from 1986 - 1992, the book was immensely informative still.
