I hadn't read City of Ember and this book read fine.  The story starts with the note that Lina and Doon sent back to their city.  The message gets through and many people from Ember climb to the surface and wander out to explore their new world.  Luckily they come to the City of Sparks before they die of starvation and exposure. <br /> <br />The theme running through People of Sparks is war.  The story is set in the distopian future, after a Disaster somehow destroyed all of civilization.  The descendants of survivors have founded the city of Sparks, where they have finally achieved stability after years of subsistence farming and starvation.  Ember was apparently a giant bomb shelter designed to ensure the continued existence of the human race.  No one who remembers the Disaster is still alive, but everyone knows it was bad. <br /> <br />Limited resources (food) ensure that there will be tension from the beginning.  The populations of both cities are similar and so the people from Sparks will have half as much food as they had planned on.  They agree to host the people from Ember for six months and teach them farming skills.  Some of the people from Ember are housed in a vacant hotel and some stay in houses with Sparks families.  Here Lina (main female character from City of Ember) and Doon (main male character from City of Ember) are separated.  Lina lives with the town doctor and Doon lives in the hotel.  Lina and her adoptive mother and younger sister become a part of the doctor's family, while Doon and the people in the hotel feel very much as if they are still their own city. <br /> <br />The people from Ember are given small rations.  They begin to complain.  The people from Sparks begin to complain about having less food for themselves and not getting any gratitude in exchange.  One bad turn deserves another slightly worse turn, and soon it looks as if history will repeat itself with another war. <br /> <br />The moral is definitely easy to identify here.  Side comments by minor characters connect the present conflict with the Disaster and help Lina and Doon independently piece together a way to prevent war in the city of Sparks.  So this has a slightly deeper way of saying war is bad.  Frequently we see that both sides are in the right but clearly they have to change direction.  There is a lot of moral ambiguity when it comes to characters - no villains.  To make it short:  The moralizing here did not feel heavy handed. <br /> <br />Overall this is a good book.  The message is one that is difficult to present without being extremely cheesey.  Here is has been pulled off.  This is good for children who can grasp concepts like a grey area between right and wrong - so maybe around fifth grade and older.  There are many small details that I think would have appealed to me as a child and it was still a good read for me as an adult.
I don't read many comics and I had no problems following this.  So this is a good place to jump in and read a superhero comic if you want to read one but not get all pulled into the DC Universe.  The drawback is that maybe this would have a bit much rehash if you read tons of comics.  That's just speculation, since I'm not in that category.    The plot here concerns a ransom of the freckled faced son of the head of a chemical corporation.  Naturally Batman rescues the boy, but as he ties up the bad guys and checks the boy out Catwoman snatches the ransom he has just recovered.  It turns out that she is in this case innocent and that she and the kidnapper, Killer Croc, who is in fact a giant human/chameleon combination, have both been duped by the real mastermind.  Batman and Catwoman join up to find his or her identity and recover the money.  Along the way they kiss.  Catwoman doesn't stress about it but Batman spends as much mental energy trying to figure her out as he does trying to discover the identity of the villain behind the kidnapping.  (Book 1 doesn't finish the main plot or the romantic plot or even any of the maybe 5 subplots it cracks open either, so you will be left hanging if you don't also have access to Book 2.  Overall it seems like a consistent and safe series, so this is not a problem.)    The graphics here are well done.  Each page is drawn, shaded and colored well.  There is really good consistency from page to page.  At the same time this is not a must see.  New ground is not being broken and the layouts are adequate but not working too hard.     Overall this is an adequate comic.  The graphics are well done, not breath taking.  The plot is a vehicle for fights and showing off super powers but still has some nifty twists.  If you get this book you won't feel ripped off, but you also aren't going to be amazed by anything new.  The best use for this is maybe to try and introduce someone to the characters.  Like if you think Batman is sooo cool and you want to give your 10 year old kid some exposure, then this is the book for you.  The comic is clean (plenty of black PVC clad pin up super girls and two little kisses, but nothing more).  If you do get it then also get Book 2, since this one ends on a cliffhanger.
The plot here concerns twin brothers A and C.  They are both Clover 3s and will die if they leave their government operated cage - the facility where they live alone together.  Trouble starts when C decides to leave.  We see this through the eyes of Sue, the Clover 4 kept in a cage that really does look like a bird cage.  (Clover 4s can psychically see Clover 3s, Clover 3s can see Clover 2s, and Clover 2s can see Clover 1s.)  Here she telepathically communicates very briefly with C and the government studies her nervously to try and predict his behavior.<br /><br />He is located by the government, who discuss what to do with him.  (The twins are pretty young, maybe twelve, so clearly he won't be off on his own.)  The real plot is resolving the relationship between A and C.  A feels abandoned and is jealous of anyone C meets in the outside world.  Also he can psychically kill people, so that is a bit of a problem.  The two brothers communicate telepathically and things that happen to C outside the cage contribute to them sorting things out.  Meanwhile we see some tiny secrets revealed about government agent Gingetsu and a night club singer Ora, who is dating a government agent and in other ways more centrally connected to the bigger story.<br /><br />The graphics here are good.  There is a lot of negative space here, but it does contribute to mood and pacing.  Graphics are straight black and white with lots of curly ques and organic shapes.  In other books in the series this got a bit overly sappy - pin up girls in a very idealized style abound.  Here maybe because the subject matter was more on the twin boys and the government agents it wasn't so so sugary sweet.<br /><br />From reading this and Clover 3 I would say that these books fit a specific taste.  Don't hate me for it if you are a fan, but they are kind of vague for me.  You piece the story together and things aren't always chronological.  That isn't a problem, except that often the story seems pretty simple without layers of meaning.  So rereading doesn't feel like it gives me more.  If you love the series, then this particular book was fine, so go for it.  If you haven't read the series at all then borrow before you buy, and don't start with Clover 3.simple without layers of meaning.  So rereading doesn't feel like it gives me more.  If you love the series, then this particular book was fine, so go for it.  If you haven't read the series at all then borrow before you buy, and don't start with Clover 3.
Ghost World is hard to describe because it tells more a mood or stage in life than a story.  It follows two teen girls, Enid and Rebecca.  They have just graduated high school and don't have plans.  Instead of setting out on an adventure and getting caught up in things, as a normal comic book character would, they hang around town and know they should be moving and shaking but don't.  Its very realistic.  I didn't do this after graduation (I was going to college, so I didn't enter limbo until four years later and I was no longer a teen).  Still, I know people like this. <br /> <br />Enid is more the instigator.  She suggests and usually makes crank calls.  She drags Rebecca to a 50's Diner in a strip mall and to another diner where they make fun of customers and passers by.  She says she wants to change, and is always changing her hair style.  At the same time she clings to childhood memories, a fourth grade gift, a record she loved when she was four, and her first trip when she buys a car is to visit a tourist trap dinosaur park for children that she remembers as a child.  Her father is pushing her to go to college and she is apathetic and doesn't care or have goals.  <br /> <br />Rebecca is less flashy.  She follows Enid for entertainment and because they are friends.  She works at a diner and doesn't have any plans or anyone pushing her to move on.  She doesn't think wistfully about her childhood, as Enid does, and she only mentions the future to say that the options she sees are a bit scary.  Since she and Enid cruelly make fun of everyone around them, and she will grow into one of those people, growing up is not the hottest prospect.  Both girls tease Josh, the only character who they make fun of, but actually like.  They joke about being lesbians and then tell one another to sleep with him.  Each thinks he would prefer the other and he is vehicle for them to notice the other's strengths and voice their insecurities.  Enid sees Rebecca as the pretty one and more balanced.  Rebecca sees Enid as on the move and more desirable. <br /> <br />I liked this, but I don't know who else would.  I couldn't see someone else buying this for a teen, because these girls really aren't good role models.  I haven't seen the movie, so I don't know how it compares.  My best advice in deciding if you will like the book is just read the Look Inside feature on Amazon and see if you like it.  The quality is even and good, but there isn't really any rising action, falling action, etc.  This book is about one big mood.
Stick Figure is told through childhood journal articles written by Lori Gottlieb when she was 11 and starting middle school.  Growing up in Beverly Hills means that she has been surrounded by images of beauty, happiness through commercialism, etc her whole life.  She picks out inconsistencies in the world around her and pokes fun at her mother, who is a bit of a shop-a-holic and loves that Hollywood culture.  Lori is going through puberty or on the verge, and so the people around her begin to apply that culture to her.  The journal entries pulled at first contain these hints.  A friend of the family discusses her \\"awkward stage\\" with her mother.  The moms begin to poke fun and ask about boys.  At school Lori and her friends are thinking about boys and about what women should be.  There are many, many other factors involved, so read the book if you want to see it unfold. <br /> <br />The number one conclusion Lori comes to is that the perfect woman is thin.  So she (at eleven years old and 4 foot 8) begins to \\"diet\\".  She buys diet books for adult women and hides them under her mattress.  She barely eats, and then lies about it to get the parents and then the doctors off her back.  She succeeds in loosing weight at a rate that would be heathy for an adult, but she is at an age at which she should be growing. <br /> <br />Even as she looses weight she gets conflicting messages.  Even as the doctors perscribe that \\"Food is medicine\\" she sees the adult women around her eating half the food on their plates and discussing diets with one another.  When she points out that they are on diets so it should be the right thing to do they just shush her.  As she looses weight and is facing hospitalization she still gets praised for being thin.  The other girls at school ask her to make diet plans for them and she becomes instantly more popular.  At a parent's night at school very shortly before she is hospitalized another child's mother tells her that she doesn't have to worry about being an old maid with such a slender figure.  This is right before going to the hospital, and after she has already talked about the prospect of hospitalization with her parents and a psychologist - talk about conflicting messages. <br /> <br />I don't know that this book will help you to understand anorexia, because this case doesn't seem completely typical, in terms of how Lori sees herself, and the story covers only a short span of time.  From the time Lori first wonders if she might be fat until the time she is hospitalized is only about 7 months.  In the hospital she finally faces death in her mind as she wonders if suicide would be better than being forced to gain weight.  Obviously she survived to edit and publish her journals almost 20 years later, so she chooses to live.  She is out of the hospital in a month and is eating normally (still counting the calories eaten by herself and the other women at the table though).  So because the book covers such a small span of time it left me with many questions.  Most importantly, were the weight issues over? <br /> <br />What this book is awesome for is seeing the world through a child's eyes.  I wish the epilog to this book had talked more about how and to what extent Gottlieb had edited her childhood journals.  Reading Lori's thought patterns especially while she is analyzing adults was fascinating.  I found myself in the strange position of having stirred up memories of my own childhood and at the same time now being an adult who I would have analyzed as a child.  Ouch, thinking of my flaws or how I now \\"know better\\" hurts. <br /> <br />This book was a very fast read that still gave me something to think about.  I recommend it to anyone who works with or has children.  This is powerful insight into how a child feels and thinks.  There is also so much here about the messages that society sends.  This is frank and not at all whiney.  Its a bitter pill to swallow.
I read this five years ago and was absolutely blown away by the graphics.  Every page looks like a realistic and perfected painting.  There is even a short section at the beginning of the book that has pictures of the artist (I don't remember his name, sorry) working in a studio.  Apparently he takes photos and face casts of friends, family and models and draws from those so that he can draw the same face from several angles and have it come out perfect.  The art here is amazing and it gets the high quality printing it deserves. <br /> <br />The actual story here was OK.  Not terrible to finish, but not worth hunting down either.  Batman goes to an island where genetic engineers have been trying to combine human DNA with bat DNA to make their own version of Batman.  They have succeeded and their creation is the Manbat.  Batman soon aquires a cute female reporter as a side kick.  He and Manbat fight.  Batman saves the reporter from Manbat and she gets a secret crush on him.  Manbat is strong.  What will Batman do?  They fight some more.  Batman wins.  Yay!  OK, the story was really not so bad.  The layouts are good, and the story kept me reading.  I am just not so into superheros fighting, but if I was then I would have liked this more. <br /> <br />In many ways the comic is a good representation of the larger pulp sci-fi genre in 1995.  The story about genetic engineering is not totally dated, but was a bigger newer concern then.  Also the graphics, done by hand (I think also touched with a bit of Photoshop magic) and looking like oil paintings are a product of the times.  I think that in many ways the particular beauty here is a product of finding the point where hands on paper stop and computer aided illustration begins. <br /> <br />If you are at all interested in drawing for comic books then find yourself a copy of this.  As you turn the pages and see more and more extremely well done illustrations you will alternately drool and experience fits of jealousy.  Thestory here is nothing worth mentioning, but the art is worth some effort to find.
I was so excited to read this book based on all the good buzz about it and my liking Alan Moore.  I was very disappointed. <br /> <br />The story concerns superheros from the DC Universe in the near future as armaggedon approaches.  We are introduced to this world as our narrator, a former comic book creator now living in retirement, is taken by a mysterious guide to the world of the future.  This is intentionally like John's vision with an angel guide in Revelation.  Amoral superheros have become the norm.  They fight to show how cool they are and not to protect people or for heroic reasons.  Superman is retired and has become a farmer.  Wonder Woman convinces him out of retirement to round up other retired (and visibly aging) superheros for a final battle between good and evil.  So Superman contacts other superheros and they fall into factions for the final battle of good and evil. <br /> <br />I couldn't get into this comic book, probably because to enjoy it I think you would need lots of background in comic books.  I casually read comics and I knew enough to understand the significance of Superman wrapping Wonder Woman's lasso around his wrist and pulling her close as he answered her probing question on their spaceship.  (Her lasso makes people tell the truth, so that's kind of sweet - a[...])  So I'm not a total outsider.  The problem isn't so much requiring readers to have arcane knowledge of superpowers and that the book takes the superhero subject matter way way to seriously.  Each superhero gets treated like the protagonist of a Greek tragedy.  Oh the tragedy!!!  Oh look at the superheros!!! Noooooo - not this - not now!!!  and I'm still not pulled into the story at all.  There was no comic relief - none at all.  I don't need to laugh - just give me a reason to care...  please... I'm still reading...  oh, the book just ended.  The mixing of amaggedon and DC is kind of neat and there are details to notice.  The art is also well done.  This book has a lot ofgood crafting with no spark. <br /> <br />Avoid this comic book unless you are so well schooled in the DC Universe that you sometimes have difficulty relating in normal social situations.  I wanted to like it and I couldn't.  There is nothing here to attract casual comic book readers or someone new to the genre.
Holes takes place in the present and in the wild west of the past.  In the present fat boy Stanley Yelnats finds a pair of shoes and is then arrested for stealing them.  The shoes belonged to a celebrity and are very expensive sports memorabilia and so Stanley is in serious trouble.  He is sentenced to a privately run boys detention camp.  The camp is run by a very strict female warden who is obsessed with having the boys dig holes.  Each boy must dig one hole per day.  The boys interact with a mix of comraderie and bullying. <br /> <br />Meanwhile in the past the story of Stanley's great great grandfather unfolds.  All that Stanley knows about his grandfather is that he left a curse on the family.  We also see other characters' family histories unfold.  In the present the warden remembers her childhood and a story about her grandfather loosing a family treasure.  In the past we see her grandfather as the rich man in a small wild west town.  Stories in the past connect with stories in the present.  Eventually we will learn how Stanley's family came to be cursed, why the warden is obsessed with holes as well as a bit of the past of one of the other boys in the camp, whose relatives were involved in the action.  The way questions from one set of plots are answered in the other is very nice.  The book holds together well and is so tied together that removing any chapter would leave holes in the plot.  At the same time this is a kids' book so piecing the bigger story together is like a game - not like work. <br /> <br />The biggest flaw for me was the corny political correctness:  Zero, Staley's homeless friend with dark skin who is in the camp for a petty theft, is a math genius.  He can add numbers really fast in his head.  To add to the imposed feeling math is never a plot point in the story.  So this math talent just pops up and doesn't connect to an otherwise intricate and well tied together story.  Had the math been a plot point this \\"challenge\\" to stereotypes would not have felt so forced and fake.  It is a small flaw, but sad especially since the author's other books don't have this imposed political correctness and since the plot to this is politically correct more from coincidence than for the sake of having it there. <br /> <br />This is a good book for kids that will also be entertaining for adults.  The way plots from different time periods and subplots all resolve is really neat.  If you have children then definitely get this book.  There is a good chance that both you and they will like it.  This is also a case in which both the book and the movie are both really good (they have slightly different stories though).  The book has more detail.
Better than Beauty is surprisingly applicable to today.  It was written in the 1930's apparently for career women.  Frequently it will give examples of meeting clients in a restaurant or being busy at the office all day, running errands then meeting friends.  It also gives examples involving housewives, but not so many.  Basically the intended audience was career women, including those taking time off to raise a family.  Because of this the advice given is practical and realistic for now when women are expected to work out of the home.  A surprise for me is that frequently conventional etiquette is tossed out in favor of common sense.  For example a lady reporter may cuss it up with the men in the office but never after work.  And we are specifically told that conventions like not wearing this or that before labor day are quaint and old fashioned and were discarded in the 1920's.  This book is not old fashioned or dated and will not come off as stodgy. <br /> <br />My problem with this book was with the marketing rather than the book.  The marketing is misleading.  The first half of the book consists of beauty tips.  For example chapter 2, titled \\"Your Best Friends\\", tells you that your best friends are your mirror, your scale and your nose.  You even get a calories chart so that you can diet.  The beauty tips here are practical and useful.  If you read lots of fashion magazines you will know most of the visual tips.  Basically they go over all the different things that can look untidy: hair not put together, dirt under nails, bra strap showing, etc. and remind you to check these and how often to check them and how to fix them.  The focus is often on being fastidiously clean.  As the other reviewer said they tell you to change your underwear at least every other day.  I think they are talking about slips and camisoles there - not panties.  That actually lots of changing given how many times I will wear a bra between washings.  The rationale behind the beauty tips isthat when you have that taken care of you won't be self conscious and so you will be able to relax and be charming.  Still it would have been nice to know that beauty was half of charm before getting the book. <br /> <br />The second half of the book is advice on how to behave on the phone, arrange a party, be a perfect guest at a party, eat out at a restaurant and generally navigate social situations.  The advice is common sense, but worth reading because the authors point out many common mistakes.  Basically the advice involves imagining how other people feel and interacting with them with this in mind.  It is common sense in theory, but obviously not in practice or we would all be so sweet already. <br /> <br />This is still an applicable book with really good advice.  It isn't geared toward a specific age group, and will frequently describe an etiquette difference between two different age groups from twenties to seventies (although most advice is for twenties to fifties - the not yet retired).  This is good advice and very quick to read.
The pictures are the highlight of Basic Microwaving.  All are full color and they cover every page.  This leads to a major drawback:  despite being long in pages there is not so much content here.  There is an average of less than one recipe per page.  So even though this is a long microwave cookbook it has fewer recipes than do more compact options. <br /> <br />So there aren't as many recipes here as you would expect.  Brace yourself... there are even fewer.  This is because many of these recipes involve using specialized equipment.  One of these specialty items it a hotplate that you heat up in the microwave and then cook on top of, like a stove top.  Recipes that involve this may as well be recipes written for a stovetop, since the food never goes into the microwave.  Also many of the recipes involve wrapping aluminum foil around portions of the food to even out the cooking through the food.  I'm not sticking aluminum in my microwave so those are out. <br /> <br />A major lack in this book is that there are no cooking charts.  Want to know how to cook an acorn squash in the microwave?  You are out of luck.  Most foods that I look up in the index are not to be found, so this book makes a poor reference.  Most microwave cookbooks will have a section in them somewhere that gives a table of foods and cooking time as well as very brief notes on preparation.  This book doesn't, so without another microwave cookbook you will not be able to adapt the recipes to different ingredients (unless you are using another microwave cookbook in conjunction with this one). <br /> <br />Recipes that I have tried from this book turn out well, with the exception of breads that rise from yeast (breads that rise from baking soda were excellent and it does have seven different bread recipes).  So if you just want a book to try a recipe from now and then, then this one will be reliable. <br /> <br />I don't recommend this cookbook unless you want it for a specific recipe that you know isin here.  Recipes turn out well and have good taste and texture.  The pictures are pretty but compete with content so that you only get about one recipe per page - not many recipes.  Also many of these recipes require specialized utensils that you are unlikely to have.  There is more fluff than content here even though the content is good.
Carter-Scott defines a Negaholic as a person who sees themself in the worst light possible, not as they really are, because they have been thinking in patterns that reinforce this flawed image.  The greatest strength of this book is that it was clearly written with lots of easy to understand examples.  One that I found useful was the explanation that negaholics use negativity to give themselves attention.  So when they mess up and freak out the freaking out acts as a reinforcement.  Likewise when they do something right it is no big deal hence no reinforcement.  The section on changing this pattern to start reinforcing positive actions was useful. <br /> <br />Many of the ways to affirm yourself are very corny.  Carter-Scott at one point provides a list of affirming statements to read to yourself each morning.  Taping them by your bathroom mirror and reading them to yourself each morning will leave you feeling like that Saturday Night Live sketch:  \\"I'm good enough.  I'm smart enough.  And gosh darn it people like me!\\"  Exercises in the book are useful, but corny like that. <br /> <br />My greatest misgiving about Negaholics is that the advice given can be contradictory.  For example, a very early example tells of a woman who described her family and childhood as \\"wonderful\\", but from asking specific questions about her past Carter-Scott found that her parents were alcoholics and that one of her siblings was now in a mental asylum.  Here Carter-Scott tells us not to lie to ourselves about the past and to honestly examine our childhood's to better understand ourselves now.  In a later chapter Carter-Scott has an entire chapter on putting a positive spin on our pasts, including telling us that \\"its never to late to have a good childhood\\" and listing ways that we can emphasize the positive and forget the negative in our pasts.  Which advice should I take? <br /> <br />In fact her way of dealing with negativity seems to rely heavily on rewriting our pasts.  The idea isthat negaholics are going to see the glass as half empty and tend to place blame on themselves.  As a solution Carter-Scott tells us to find ways to view reality such that we are always right.  Either way we are deluded, so be deluded in the way that makes you happy.  That didn't sit well with me and Carter-Scott's support for this position didn't win me over. <br /> <br />In summary this book is a quick read and presents lots of examples and useful ways of analyzing yourself and situations.  It does have useful strategies for thinking through things and for affirming yourself.  One the other hand the advice here is sometimes contradictory.  This is a book you will be able to read cover to cover but if you are hoping for consistency you will not find it here.
The pictures are the highlight of Basic Microwaving.  All are full color and they cover every page.  This leads to a major drawback:  despite being long in pages there is not so much content here.  There is an average of less than one recipe per page.  So even though this is a long microwave cookbook it has fewer recipes than do more compact options. <br /> <br />So there aren't as many recipes here as you would expect.  Brace yourself... there are even fewer.  This is because many of these recipes involve using specialized equipment.  One of these specialty items it a hotplate that you heat up in the microwave and then cook on top of, like a stove top.  Recipes that involve this may as well be recipes written for a stovetop, since the food never goes into the microwave.  Also many of the recipes involve wrapping aluminum foil around portions of the food to even out the cooking through the food.  I'm not sticking aluminum in my microwave so those are out. <br /> <br />A major lack in this book is that there are no cooking charts.  Want to know how to cook an acorn squash in the microwave?  You are out of luck.  Most foods that I look up in the index are not to be found, so this book makes a poor reference.  Most microwave cookbooks will have a section in them somewhere that gives a table of foods and cooking time as well as very brief notes on preparation.  This book doesn't, so without another microwave cookbook you will not be able to adapt the recipes to different ingredients (unless you are using another microwave cookbook in conjunction with this one). <br /> <br />Recipes that I have tried from this book turn out well, with the exception of breads that rise from yeast (breads that rise from baking soda were excellent and it does have seven different bread recipes).  So if you just want a book to try a recipe from now and then, then this one will be reliable. <br /> <br />I don't recommend this cookbook unless you want it for a specific recipe that you know isin here.  Recipes turn out well and have good taste and texture.  The pictures are pretty but compete with content so that you only get about one recipe per page - not many recipes.  Also many of these recipes require specialized utensils that you are unlikely to have.  There is more fluff than content here even though the content is good.
I remember reading this book around fifth grade.  I kind of liked it then, I think because of the whole fairies thing. <br /> <br />Basically the story follows the life of Claus, a baby adopted by fairies.  (The story starts in fairy land and much of it involves the fairies and woodland spirits.  If you are expecting traditional Christmas lore you will get that but not quite yet.)  The fairies are immortal, but Claus will grow up and age.  When he has grown to be a teenager the fairies set him up in a cottage in the woods.  Apparently they are bringing him food and necessities, so his only job is to discover his purpose in life.  He begins to make toys for children to cheer them up, and the story goes from there. <br /> <br />The entire host of fairies gets involved in toy production.  Instead of making toys like the merry elves, they bring colors from flowers and other magical properties that Claus can include in his toys.  This reads like a fairy tale and grdually Baum brings in elements from the Santa mythology.  The transition from fairies and magic to Santa is what I liked most in the book. <br /> <br />I recently reread this book and liked it except for the whole toys making kids happy thing.  Its not that I dislike kids or toys.  Here Claus (obviously the future Santa Claus) makes toys for children and the toys are the panacea that makes their world perfect.  With a small carved toy dog all of a sudden they are kind to siblings, respect their parents and are bursting with joy.  If he passed out lifetime supplies of cocain and valium he couldn't make them happier.  If I were to find that Baum had been commissioned by a department store to write this book as a special advertising section for holiday spending then that would explain alot.  The huge emphasis on more toys=happy makes the book a little sick. <br /> <br />Overall this is a nifty twist on the Santa Claus myth.  It reads well even in the summertime.  The only drawback is the huge focus on happiness through toys.  The only moral that I could extract from the story is that children NEED toys to be happy and this is soooo important that the entire world of fairy restructures itself around toys.  Good story but it sometimes feels like good press for the toy department.
I remember reading this book around fifth grade.  I kind of liked it then, I think because of the whole fairies thing.<br /><br />Basically the story follows the life of Claus, a baby adopted by fairies.  (The story starts in fairy land and much of it involves the fairies and woodland spirits.  If you are expecting traditional Christmas lore you will get that but not quite yet.)  The fairies are immortal, but Claus will grow up and age.  When he has grown to be a teenager the fairies set him up in a cottage in the woods.  Apparently they are bringing him food and necessities, so his only job is to discover his purpose in life.  He begins to make toys for children to cheer them up, and the story goes from there.<br /><br />The entire host of fairies gets involved in toy production.  Instead of making toys like the merry elves, they bring colors from flowers and other magical properties that Claus can include in his toys.  This reads like a fairy tale and grdually Baum brings in elements from the Santa mythology.  The transition from fairies and magic to Santa is what I liked most in the book.<br /><br />I recently reread this book and liked it except for the whole toys making kids happy thing.  Its not that I dislike kids or toys.  Here Claus (obviously the future Santa Claus) makes toys for children and the toys are the panacea that makes their world perfect.  With a small carved toy dog all of a sudden they are kind to siblings, respect their parents and are bursting with joy.  If he passed out lifetime supplies of cocain and valium he couldn't make them happier.  If I were to find that Baum had been commissioned by a department store to write this book as a special advertising section for holiday spending then that would explain alot.  The huge emphasis on more toys=happy makes the book a little sick.<br /><br />Overall this is a nifty twist on the Santa Claus myth.  It reads well even in the summertime.  The only drawback is the huge focus on happiness through toys.  The only moral that I could extract from the story is that children NEED toys to be happy and this is soooo important that the entire world of fairy restructures itself around toys.  Good story but it feels like a huge ad for the toy department.rough toys.  The only moral that I could extract from the story is that children NEED toys to be happy and this is soooo important that the entire world of fairy restructures itself around toys.  Good story but it feels like a huge ad for the toy department.
I remember reading this book around fifth grade.  I kind of liked it then, I think because of the whole fairies thing.<br /><br />Basically the story follows the life of Claus, a baby adopted by fairies.  (The story starts in fairy land and much of it involves the fairies and woodland spirits.  If you are expecting traditional Christmas lore you will get that but not quite yet.)  The fairies are immortal, but Claus will grow up and age.  When he has grown to be a teenager the fairies set him up in a cottage in the woods.  Apparently they are bringing him food and necessities, so his only job is to discover his purpose in life.  He begins to make toys for children to cheer them up, and the story goes from there.<br /><br />The entire host of fairies gets involved in toy production.  Instead of making toys like the merry elves, they bring colors from flowers and other magical properties that Claus can include in his toys.  This reads like a fairy tale and grdually Baum brings in elements from the Santa mythology.  The transition from fairies and magic to Santa is what I liked most in the book.<br /><br />I recently reread this book and liked it except for the whole toys making kids happy thing.  Its not that I dislike kids or toys.  Here Claus (obviously the future Santa Claus) makes toys for children and the toys are the panacea that makes their world perfect.  With a small carved toy dog all of a sudden they are kind to siblings, respect their parents and are bursting with joy.  If he passed out lifetime supplies of cocain and valium he couldn't make them happier.  If I were to find that Baum had been commissioned by a department store to write this book as a special advertising section for holiday spending then that would explain alot.  The huge emphasis on more toys=happy makes the book a little sick.<br /><br />Overall this is a nifty twist on the Santa Claus myth.  It reads well even in the summertime.  The only drawback is the huge focus on happiness through toys.  The only moral that I could extract from the story is that children NEED toys to be happy and this is soooo important that the entire world of fairy restructures itself around toys.  Good story but it sometimes feels like good press for the toy department.rough toys.  The only moral that I could extract from the story is that children NEED toys to be happy and this is soooo important that the entire world of fairy restructures itself around toys.  Good story but it sometimes feels like good press for the toy department.
When I was a child my father kept trying to get my brother and I to read this book.  I read it and didn't care for it.  (I was in about fourth grade at the time.)  When I was the target age for this book the only positive thing I found about it was the cover art which showed some sort of rainbow horse type thing and was pretty.  The story part was dull for me then.  Having reread it I liked it better as an adult, but not that much better.<br /><br />The plot follows the Murry family.  Both parents are scientists whose careers as scientists are treated in a very mystic way.  The father has been mysteriously missing for years.  Two of the four children, Meg, the antisocial highschooler and Charles Wallace, the five year old genius, meet three oddball women living in an abandoned house.  The women turn into rainbow horse type things and take them on a journey through space to find their father.  A jock (and closet genius) from Meg's highschool tags along, so that he and Meg can constant brush against one another or look at one another and feel safe and protected for the rest of the book without ever doing anything but forshadowing that hey they are going to be dating.  Yep, pretty much there is a little flirty moment every five pages or so.<br /><br />Space travel takes them to a planet controled by the forces of evil.  The kids are dumped there and travel to the center of a large city to find and defeat evil.  The first fifteen pages on this planet were the highlight of the book for me.  As they travel through it they notice creepy things.  Children bounce balls in unison and everything runs like clockwork - so much like clockwork that it is eerie.  The people here follow very strict routines and can't deviate.  After about fifteen pages of good creepy mood the children reach the center of the city and begin a chain of psychic battles with evil and the people it controls.  These psychic battles will dominate the rest of the book.  Yes there is some plot going on, but it is just a way to get to some more points on the astral plane dude.<br /><br />I get the feeling that this is a book that really resonates with some parents and teachers (Can anyone say children of the sixties?) and that they push it onto kids because they like it an they see that it is marketed as a children's book.  I also get the feeling that the book is written for these adults rather than for children.  There is so much touchy feely love showing the way through interstellar space etc that the book feels very dated to me now.  It isn't that much different from Carebears and other happy little kids things except that A Wrinkle in Time is perpetually vague.  It is possible that a child would like this (I didn't as a child, nor did my brother.) but I can't imagine it being any child's favorite book.  All battles between good and evil are done with psychic energy and intelligence is treated like some mystical and innate property that is necessary for the three kids to even be worthy to be people.  Also we continually are told that Meg isn't quite as smart and that that could be a problem (high IQ is the only way to travel through space).  Suspence or teaching kids to hate stupids?  There is an implication here that each person's potential is determined from the start and that non-geniuses are pointless.  Given the book's stance on smarts there is no point in curiosity because genius is inate.  The smart kids can't be normal and the normal kids can't be smart.  I don't know that these messages are what you want to send to kids.<br /><br />I don't recommend this book only because it feels so 60s.  If you are looking for classic kids literature keep looking to find something that has aged better.  If you love this story as an adult don't get your hopes up too much or you may be disappointed when your child doesn't latch on to this in the same way that you did.but it is just a way to get to some more points on the astral plane dude. <br /> <br />I get the feeling that this is a book that really resonates with some parents and teachers (Can anyone say children of the sixties?) and that they push it onto kids because they like it an they see that it is marketed as a children's book.  I also get the feeling that the book is written for these adults rather than for children.  There is so much touchy feely love showing the way through interstellar space etc that the book feels very dated to me now.  It isn't that much different from Carebears and other happy little kids things except that A Wrinkle in Time is perpetually vague.  It is possible that a child would like this (I didn't as a child, nor did my brother.) but I can't imagine it being any child's favorite book.  All battles between good and evil are done with psychic energy and intelligence is treated like some mystical and innate property that is necessary for the three kids to even be worthy to be people.  Also we continually are told that Meg isn't quite as smart and that that could be a problem (high IQ is the only way to travel through space).  Suspence or teaching kids to hate stupids?  There is an implication here that each person's potential is determined from the start and that non-geniuses are pointless.  Given the book's stance on smarts there is no point in curiosity because genius is inate.  The smart kids can't be normal and the normal kids can't be smart.  I don't know that these messages are what you want to send to kids. <br /> <br />I don't recommend this book only because it feels so 60s.  If you are looking for classic kids literature keep looking to find something that has aged better.  If you love this story as an adult don't get your hopes up too much or you may be disappointed when your child doesn't latch on to this in the same way that you did.
The plot:  A deranged ex-fighter Zapan from Alita's past hates Alitain a psychopathic way.   When he sees Alita's picture on TV, as she competes in an athletic event, he has a fit of insane rage and accidentally kills his girlfriend.  Two years later, Alita has found peace and a group of friend who she loves.  She doesn't fight and works by playing music in bars which she enjoys.  Zapan catches up with her and in defeated by Alita and other fighters... or so they think.  A mad scientist/MD heals his brain and naturally it ends up in a powerful cyborg body.  He is still out to get Alita and she fights to protect the city and people who have turned her out on account of the crazy cyborg that is out to kill anyone it meets and keeps inquiring after her. <br /> <br />The plot here is a strong point, particularly Alita's relationships with Ito's adopted children and with the community.  Zapan's relationship with his girlfriend, told in flashbacks, also unfolds nicely.  She saw good in everyone and is the only person who sees good in him.  We are told that Zapan is Alita's karma and in a sense each of them takes the other's safehaven away.  The ending has a message of hope despite the fact that Alita has everything (except one of her arms - she is a cyborg so loosing limbs doesn't kill her). <br /> <br />The art is all black and white and done in a realistic style.  Layouts are well done and the story flows from frame to frame well.  Lots of this book (like all books in the series) consists of fighting scenes.  This would normally bother me, but in this case it didn't, mostly because there were little plot points in there revealed in visuals not dialog. <br /> <br />I recommend this book if it at all appeals to you.  I hadn't read previous books in the series (well I had read the first book, but this is a few series later), but there was enough info for me to follow the plot.  The drawback to the book is that the sequel to it is kind of blah.  On the other hand most plotpoints are rounded up at the end of this book so it won't kill you to stop while you're ahead.  This is also a good choice for public libraries because it is clean and holds together well.
The big draw to Eragon is that it was published by a young author in his teens.  That seems cool, especially for a teen or preteen audience.  However, the obvious problem with Eragon hits like a brick wall.  In high school I had friends who wrote fan fiction for whatever fantasy series was currently popular.  Eragon reads like that fiction.  The language is stilted with layers stiff sounding words.  It has long words but doesn't flow.  The plot is also soooo predictable and derivative:  dragons, magic, etc.  All the cliches are there and the author is taking them seriously, not putting them there to build up a cliche and then knock it for comic relief  (no comic relief in the book by the way).  Plotwise imagine a lifeless parody of fantasy literature.<br /><br />Now coming from your friend's notebook during recess that is fine and if a friend wrote this and asked me for pointers I wouldn't bash them.  There is a huge difference between reading a published book and reading something a friend passes to you.  Different expectations will leave you disappointed unless you are a proud parent or close friend of Chris Paolini.<br /><br />An aside on teens writing fiction:  The Distant Soil series by Colleen Doran was published in installments starting when she was in her teens.  That was an intricate and well done fantasy series by a teen (although perhaps not suitable for teens).<br /><br />I recommend that you find another book to read.  This book will waste your time.  Read reviews to find a better fantasy book.  If you are looking for a book to give as a gift to a teen or preteen then there are definitely better choices.  Look elsewhere.
Summonings follows the story of Tim Hunter, a teenager who is destined to become the world's greatest magician.  Young Tim Hunter is reminded of an imaginary friend he had as a child who was killed by someone or something.  In an investigation into the imaginary friend's death he enters a world where all his childhood imaginings are now real.  Simultaneously we follow grown up and increasingly pitiful Tim Hunter.  He visits the past to kidnap the woman of his life while she still loves him and to raise himself to grow up to be him.  (He has done this many times before and we see him inspecting a nursery full of girls.)  Influencing his younger self is a daunting task for him since he has traded away his childhood memories in various battles with demons.    Those are the big plots that span the shorter stories.  The small plots involve a magician (not grown up Tim, another magician) who tries to catch Tim with his pet/slave succubus and various characters from Victorian England who have crossed over into modern England via the land of fairy.  The sucubus makes for an interesting character.  At one point she lets her dinner, a live pigeon, fly free over the city and muses on her own lack of freedom.  There are also parallels between her obvious position of slavery and the less obvious traps that other characters are stuck in.    The plots are twisting and complex.  There was a previous book in the series, but starting in here is fine.  I hadn't read it first and was not too disoriented.  This book introduces the two plot lines that will carry on into the next book:  Tim's future and using his childhood dreams to open new worlds now.      The graphics here are well done.  They are realistic and printed in a limited array of colors.  (Most pages look somewhat like the cover amazon shows, which should give you a better idea.)  The layouts felt just a tad off for me.  Often I read frames out of sequence and they just didn't flow right.  Visually this book is fine but thereal strength is the twisting plot lines and parallels between the different characters and stories.    Overall I recommend Summonings.  It has a complex and involving plot that is self contained (to the series) so it is a good choice for people who are new to the genre as well as those who read lots of comics.  This is one of the best story lines I have come across and the book does comics right.  I also recommend this to libraries with one reservation for school libraries:  All these stories take place against a backdrop of demonology and characters from fairy mythology make appearances.  That could be controversial.
The plot of A Distant Soil involves aliens who look just like people and whose society is based entirely on psychic energy by which they communicate.  We follow the story of Liana, a girl who has been raised in a mental institution where her psychic powers are studied.  She and her brother, her only family in the world, escape.  They are separated and Liana is approached by aliens who explain that she has very powerful psychic powers and they need her help.  Their society is ruled by a single person (alien?) with very powerful skills at organizing psychic energy.  This person, the Avatar, serves as a religious leader and also  <br /> <br />There is a certain amount of disconcerting randomness here.  Author Colleen Doran began publishing this series (its been redrawn for this release) when she was in her teens.  This may explain why this book is the way it is.  It is lots like a teen girl's daydream:  beautiful drawings with lots of flowy lines, Galahad comes from the land of Avalon through a time warp and accompanies our heros into space among other plot oddities. <br /> <br />So the plot is kind of stupid.  At the same time it is extremely complex and twisting.  Characters have complex motives and act accordingly.  We see lots of politics.  And it all makes sense.  Within this random random world there aren't inconsistencies.  There are things to figure out and a plot to follow. <br /> <br />The drawings here are very nice.  They are done in a very defined line drawing style.  Every page is well done and also pretty: art nouveau flowers and rainbows pretty.  Battles fought with psychic energy work well with this style of representation.  The layouts are packed (in a good way) and there is lots happening on every page. <br /> <br />I liked this but I don't know if it is worth reading in general.  It is an intelligent and involving comic... ... on the other hand: Galahad in space is never a good sign.
In this book, Adolf Kaufmann, a half German half Japanese teen raised in Japan but educated in Germany returns to Japan.  He has been gone for three years and has not been able to contact anyone in Japan for the past two years.  He is overjoyed to be reunited with his childhood best-friend Adolf Kamil, a German Jew taking political refuge in Japan.  The mood changes quickly, however, since in the past three years non-Jewish Adolf has come to follow the Nazi party beliefs including understanding Mein Kampf. <br /> <br />Non-Jewish Adolf's mission in Germany is to find the documents that show that Hitler has Jewish ancestry.  (By now everyone but Adolf realizes that the documents don't mean much and that the war is nearly over.)  Adolf has also been assigned to kill a certain Japanese man, who has been hiding the documents.  Adolf is shocked to find that his mother has remarried, and to the very man he has been ordered to kill.  So that pretty much does it for Adolf's relationships with friends and family back in Japan. <br /> <br />This book follows the Adolfs and Toge, the narrator, through the last few months of WWII and then through their lives after the war, particularly what happens to the two Adolfs.  So many minor subplots from other books are resolved here, but won't be distracting if you haven't read other books in the series.  This book stands alone well, and will also add more to the story if you have read the other books. <br /> <br />This is a really great amazing series.  I recommend it.  These are violent books and this one in particular, with a rape, mass executions and plenty of blood gore and violence.  So be aware of that and don't give it to a small child to teach them history.
This is a return to the action and espionage of the first book in the series.  Most of this one takes place back in Japan.  Toge, who has been guarding and trying to publicize the documents that prove that Hitler has Jewish ancestry, has finally found someone who can publicize them globally.  His contact is the son of a Japanese general who has been spying on his father throughout the war.  These plans quickly fall through and no one knows where the documents are, but Toge and others are beginning to realize that the war will still end, especially after the invasion of Pearl Harbor and the US entering the war against Japan.  So life goes on in Japan. <br /> <br />Back in Germany, Adolf Kaufmann, a half German half Japanese boy raised in Japan but schooled in Germany, has been promoted to Lieutenant.  When he is demoted for not arresting a war hero accused of trying to assassinate Hitler, he is restationed moving people between concentration camps.  This is nasty work and Adolf, who is not even twenty yet, finds himself haunted by the faces of all the people he must shoot as part of his job.  It is obvious to him and everyone else that he is soon going to be shipped off to the front line as canon fodder.  With that alternative, he is offered a chance to transfer to the Gestapo and return to Japan to find and destroy the documents. <br /> <br />This is a great series.  I highly recommend it.  This book stands alone well and has plenty of action.  By now many subplots involving minor characters are starting to reemerge, so having read other books in the series will add a few layers to the mix.  Keep in mind that the series is very violent.  A big part of this story involves Adolf being rough with and shooting people as part of his job and the psychological effect that this has on him.  So don't give this book to your fourth grader to teach them history.
At the start of The Half-Aryan, ex-reporter Toge is no longer being watched by the police.  He is off the hook but also very distressed because he knows that the secret documents, over which his brother was killed and for which he was harassed by the Japanese police, have been destroyed. But then Toge discovers that Miss Ogi is still alive and that she has also rescued the documents, which prove that Hitler has Jewish heritage and which will therefore undermine the Nazi party.  So part of the story follows Toge and Miss Ogi through Japan as they try to find someone who can publicize the documents. <br /> <br />But the bulk of this story follows Adolf Kaufmann, a half Japanese half German boy raised in Japan who is now attending school in Germany.  It is his third year there and he has stopped thinking about his friends back in Japan, including Adolf Kamil, a Jewish German boy living in Japan.  Non-Jewish Adolf is motivated by what is around him and isn't idealistic as he used to be.  He does take a Jewish girlfriend and try to help her and her family out, but mostly because she is his girlfriend and because she has some Asian in her and so reminds him of Japan.  He reads and understands and believes in Mein Kampf, but still exchanges letters with Jewish Adolf (who meanwhile has met up with Toge and Miss Ogi to continue the Japanese side of the story). <br /> <br />This book focuses more on developing characters than spy stuff.  There is plenty of action, especially since WWII is now going on.  Knowing the background from other books in the series will help in reading this, since by now some subplots are starting to emerge with background characters.  Still this book stands well on its own and you don't have to have read the other books in the series to be pulled into this story.  Much of the hype around this series makes it sound dry and educational.  It isn't dry.  I'm sure that I learned something from seeing a telling of WWII from a Japanese perspective, but regardless this is a good story. <br /> <br />I highly recommend this book and series.  Keep in mind that there is lots of violence.  In this one, for example, non-Jewish Adolf participates in a mass excution of Jews as part of his Hitler Youth training.  So don't give this to your fourth grader to teach them history.
Codeflesh follows the story of Cameron Daltry, who leads a double life.  To friends, and more importantly authorities, he runs an agency that posts bail for criminals.  Secretly he is responsible for collecting those criminals when they skip bail.  His disguise is a bag with a bar code printed on it that he wears over his head.  This double life takes most of his time and with the collecting prisoners bit tends to be unpredictable.  This causes continual trouble with his hot stripper girlfriend. <br /> <br />So the stories in Codeflesh tend to follow the same pattern:  As Codeflesh, Cameron fights and conquers a criminal (they all have superpowers, but other than criminals with superpower it appears to take place in the real world in any big city), then he tries to make up to his girlfriend who he has shown up late for on account of fighting some criminal.  The first few stories are pretty good but then it starts to get too repetitive. <br /> <br />Each story is drenched in testosterone.  At all points in the stories all men look like they could use a shower.  Violence abounds as does cussing. <br /> <br />Mostly this comic shows potential.  It isn't so good by itself, but I would read something else put out by the same people.
Jack the Ripper is a fact based comic.  The story is told in the form of excerpts from an unamed Victorian man's journal.  He says on this day this occurred on this day this body was found here, etc.  The idea is to lay out just the facts and not to try to read into them.  Theories on who the killer is etc are presented very briefly as they come up and no one theory is endorsed. <br /> <br />The visuals:  The drawings here are done in a style that simulates wood cut prints.  This lend itself to descriptive diagrammatic illustrations.  It also keeps the gore from being so disturbing.  This book isn't dwelling on the gore, but it isn't totally possible to avoid it in this case.  The drawings of crime scenes etc here are very accurate, so the illustrations add to the information presented. <br /> <br />This is a good clean and straight forward telling of the Jack the Ripper stories.  It lays out the facts and does this clearly and concisely.  If you have already read lots about Jack the Ripper then this won't add anything new.  It is also pretty expensive for a black and white comic book, since it is only 64 pages.  The best use for this book is perhaps for families or school libraries that want a book about Jack the Ripper.  It does tell about a slasher who kills prostitutes, but it is a clean treatment considering the subject.
Left Behind Book 1 follows the end of the world as prophesied in the Bible book of Revelation starting from a few minutes before the rapture until about three months later.  So, in case you haven't picked up on it yet this is a Christian view of the Apocalypse.    The first half reads like a pretty decent bestseller.  All the Christians on earth have disappeared into thin air.  This includes those currently driving cars, planes, etc.  So chaos reigns for a few days and then long term effects set in.  We follow the stories of commercial pilot Rayford Steele, who is exactly the character his name suggests he is, and globe trotting star reporter Buck.  The pilot allows us to see the effects of the rapture on earth.  Steele is piloting a plane during the rapture and his wife and young son both disappear (his daughter remains), so we see the effects on society as a whole and on one individual family.  Meanwhile following star reporter Buck as he races from place to place gives lots of opportunity for action and typical bestseller stuff.  He stays on top of the action while trying to find out who is responsible for murdering a close friend.  The first half of the book makes for a pretty fast read and a non-Christian could read it and enjoy it as well as a Christian.    In the second half of the book:  Buck's job has gotten him close to the anti-Christ.  The prophesies of Revelation are being fulfilled.  These prophesies are pretty extreme and trying to fit them into the action makes the book less believable.  Buck, Steele and Steele's daughter all go through conversions to Christianity.  This provides many opportunities for some plugs for God.  Christians may like these, most non-Christians won't.  It all seems kind of odd to include this detail because as each person converts they think things like, \\"Well now that I've SEEN THE RAPTURE, this must be true.\\"  As yet the rapture hasn't occurred in our world, so many of these thought processes are very specific to the worldcovered in Left Behind.  Yes religion is a plot point, but these are going to feel preachy for a non-Christian (and will feel natural and good for a Christian).  The second half of the book may be a good light study of the prophesies in Revelation, but isn't as satisfying to read.    If you are at all curious, then I recommend reading the first half of this book.  It makes for a pretty good disaster story.  The second half will be a better read for Christians than non-Christians.  If you are into the story then go for it.  If not then it isn't likely to pick up for you.
The plot concerns a painter, a writer and a musician living together in the same apartment building.  This conveniently allows the book to be punctuated by conversations concerning the nature of art and less interesting subjects.  When no one was talking the story was much more interesting.  Meanwhile the painter meets the girl next door and gets moderately involved in the lives of his neighbors.  Cages is a bit unusual for a comic book because of its long long length and its ambiguous subject matter.    The philosophical fluff which occurs when characters are talking does add up to something, but getting there was not worth slogging through a comic that picked up around page 150.  If you have seen the movie Waking Life then think of Cages as in the same category: talking talking talking and good graphics.  The more I think about it:  Yes think of Cages as a comic book along the lines of Waking Life.  In Cages there is analyzable stuff and plot going on in the \\"artsy\\" sections, but they didn't hold my interest so I barely care.  This book is still a good buy at 500 pages, but it would have been twice as good if a good editor had trimmed it to half the length.  The plots to each, slow or boring depending on the viewer, refocus emphasis on the graphics.    The art style in Cages is good.  Most of the book consists of three color contour drawings similar to what you can see by using Amazon's Look Inside feature.  The style is intentionally varied in shorter sections, so you can see paintings and photographs by McKean.   (McKean did the covers for the Sandman series, so that should give you a feel for his graphic style.)  It seems like there would be more photography mixed into comic books.  This is the first time I have seen this done well and is worth checking out.    Cages is a good buy for the length and graphics, but only if you like it.  If you are familiar with Dave McKean and like his art then go for it.  Don't buy it for the \\"deep plot\\"  Yes it is there, but itwasn't enough to keep me interested.  This comic book is more appropriate for public and university libraries, especially those with a good art collection or an established comics collection.
I read this book while single and with no one in mind.  It is meant for couples so that they can better understand one another, but the ways of looking at relationships and how to express love in a way such that the other person will know is applicable to all relationships like friends etc. <br /> <br />The five love languages are;  physical touch, gifts, words, acts of service, and quality time.  The theory behind the book is that each person will have one or two primary love languages.  When they want to express love to someone then they will do it in the way that most resonates with them.  Likewise they will feel loved when someone else is \\"speaking\\" their love language. <br /> <br />The Five Love Languages was easy to read but at the same time had very good information.  It is written by a marriage counsellor speaking from a christian perspective.  He brings in examples of couples he has seen who loved one another but felt mutually unloved, because they were expressing that love in their primary love language and not their spouses.  His way of working with them involves teaching each person to express love in their spouse's love language and to recognize when their spouse is expressing affection in a way that they may not notice. <br /> <br />Chapman spends one chapter on each love language and explains what he means by it.  This is good information that one wouldn't neccessarily guess from the term he uses.  For example if someone's love language is gifts then it is just recieving the gift that resonates with them and not the monetary value of the gift.  So leaving notes or bringing home something small a few times a week would be more warm and fuzzy than buying one expensive gift and then doing nothing for a month.  Understanding these love languages has helped me to see what others mean when they act and to better love those around me. <br /> <br />This is a really neat way of looking at love and it's expression.  It is from a christian perspective and is forcouples, but others would benefit too.  If you are curious about this way of looking at love then this book is worth investigating.
Clover 3 follows the story of Ora, a nightclub singer, and Sue, the fairy in the Clover series.  Sue (in a cage but able to hear the outside world) hears Ora singing.  She can phone Ora and so they talk on the phone and become close friends.  Sue is delighted when they compose a duet together.  Meanwhile we see Ora and her boyfriend Kazuhiko having warm fuzzy times. <br /> <br />This book is about 90% fluff.  The actual story ending and all could be summarized into about a paragraph long story.  There are tons of glamor shots of Ora singing on stage wearing fake wings and all sorts of crazy undergarment oriented costumes.  Over and over we get to read the words to her repetoir of three songs.  So you see some black and white drawings of a pretty girl with sappy poetry written on the same page.  Many of these drawings are well done.  These are graphic, with power but not much detail.  There are also many poorly done drawings with not much detail or graphic element.   <br /> <br />This book has a lot of unused space.  Usually there will be a drawing in a small box set off center on a white page.  There is not a single page in this book that is covered with a picture or with pictures.  (Although for maybe 5 pages of the 90 this works and there is a nice flow.)  Three 1.5 x 1.5 inch frames per page is about average.  Maybe they were trying to set a certain mood and pacing.  If so they failed. <br /> <br />Another issue I had with this book is that the lettering is all done by computer and is displayed in computer drawn circles or squares.  It comes off as very awkward because often I had no idea who was saying which line in the dialog.  This book seems like someone put it together with clip art of the characters and no idea of what they wanted to produce. <br /> <br />I couldn't see anyone actually paying for this.  If you are borrowing it from a friend or from the library then it may be worth thumbing through.  Even the time to investigate is a bit much of an investment for this story.
Battle Angel Alita takes place in the technologically advanced future.  The story starts when Daisuke Ito, a doctor, finds a human brain in a cyborg head in the landfill beneath his floating city.  As a doctor in the future world Daisuke frequently treats cyborgs and so he builds a body for the abandoned girl.  She has been in a landfill and so has no memory of her past.  Chance gets her involved in a fight and she is really good at it.  So for the rest of the book we follow Daisuke souping up her cyborg bodies and Alita trying to \\"find herself\\" by fighting.  The fighting got a little tedious for me, but it was well drawn and introduced lots of crazy weapons technology. <br /> <br />The book is kind of a mix of innocence and violence.  Alita has no memory so she comes off as very innocent and gets into scrapes.  But she also really really likes fighting. <br /> <br />Battle Angel Alita is very well drawn.  This is good because there are some interesting environments.  For example, a good chunk of the story takes place in the underground sewer system, which has huge pipes and lots going on.  From the cover art I was expecting more pin-ups etc.  I was happy to find not so many and no nudity (well there is one scene but drawn vaguely and not at all suggestive).  Its still sexy but in the form of tight black garments.  The art style is realistic but more cute.  It fits the feel of the story well. <br /> <br />This is an all around cool anime comic book.  If you like action and sciencey comics  (this one has footnotes to describe the technology in place) or you want to try one out then this would be good.  This is also a really good selection for public libraries, because it has no nudity and is totally clean and that is rarer for this genre.
I am reading through the lone wolf and cub series at my local library which means I get em when they're there - out of sequence.  The others I read were good alone and as part of a bigger picture.  This one doesn't stand alone so well. <br /> <br />For me the highlight here was the character development for Daigoro.  The story starts with him protecting a pair of samurai swords.  They are stuck in the ground ready for when his father and father's opponent return to duel.  We also get to see Daigoro adopted by a community displaced by fire who help him protect the swords because he is too cute.  He makes friends with the other children but has to remain a traveling samurai with his father. <br /> <br />Other than that there are a bunch of fights with Itto vs. a whole bunch of samurai's at once.  Retsudo is behind this.  He works to regain the Shogun's trust and then gathers the Yagyu and sends them after Itto.  These fights get innovative when Retsudo sends out what appear to be exploding samurais.  No really.  They explode.  I think that they explode anyway.  That was kind of weird. <br /> <br />My recommendation is that you don't read this unless you are reading the books in order.  I had read the book just previous to this one, but had some trouble following this one, or rather caring what was happening.  It doesn't stand alone as well as other book in the series.
From the hype surrounding this I was expecting something kind of educational or with serious history.  I was pleasantly surprised.  This read as a good spy story. <br /> <br />The Adolf series proposes to tell the stories of three Adolfs.  One is the historic Hitler.  The other two are fictional.  We start by following the story of Toge, a Japanese reporter in Berlin to cover the 1936 Olympics and to some extent our narrator through these stories.  His brother is an exchange student living in Berlin.  Toge receives a call from his brother about a secret that will throw Hitler out of power.  When Toge arrives he finds his brother murdered.  The police take the body but it never arrives at the station.  When Toge tries to track down the body he finds that no one will admit to having met his brother and the police (who also have no record of the murder) claim that he must be making the story up.  Through the first half of this book we follow Toge's search for information about his brother in Berlin.  He wants to bury and avenge his brother, and gets caught up in something much bigger.  Somehow the murder is connected with a murder of a Geisha six months earlier in Japan.  Both victims had plaster under their fingernails.  When Toge returns to Japan he continues to search for the truth about his brother. <br /> <br />Through this Geisha we are introduced to the next two Adolfs.  One is the son of the prime suspect for the murder, a high ranking German intelligence officer stationed in Japan.  The third Adolf is a Jewish German whose family is in Japan because that is a better place for them to live than is Germany.  The two boys are the same age and are best friends, which bothers both families.  Non-jewish Adolf doesn't want to go to school in Germany and take the career path that his father wants for him, because he doesn't want to be taught that jews and therefore jewish-Adolf are bad.  Both Adolfs come to learn the horrible secret that can destroy Hitler and so theyare caught up in the bigger story. <br /> <br />This is a really great and well paced story.  I got pulled in and had to finish it.  I had put off reading it because much of the hype I had heard about it made it sound dry and educational.  It isn't dry.  I'm sure that I learned something from seeing a telling of WWII from a Japanese perspective, but regardless this is a good story. <br /> <br />I highly recommend this book.  Keep in mind that there are a couple of graphic torture scenes, a rape and a suicide (and book 2 gets much much worse).  So don't give this to your fourth grader to teach them history.
I didn't like this so much as the first book in the Adolf series.  Although the Adolf series proposes to tell us the stories of three Adolfs, Toge is our narrator so we focus heavily on him.  Here we get to see Toge get tortured, then beat up, then tortured, then shot...  and so on.  That's a picture of him on the cover:  screaming and getting tortured. <br /> <br />In the opening to An Exile in Japan Toge recovers the important documents that could totally destroy HItler.  As we already know, the documents prove that Hitler is a jew.  Personally I doubt that they could be so damaging to Hitler.  The Nazi party could just claim that they are fakes.  The Japanese secret police know that Toge has some important documents, but they don't know what they are about.  Representatives of various countries also know that Toge has something important and they come and offer him large amounts of money.  Toge is emotionally involved because his brother died to get the documents to Japan, and so he resolves to use his position as a reporter to publicize them.  The secret police promptly get him fired and evicted and harass anyone who tries to help him.  So the documents are safe but they aren't going anywhere soon. <br /> <br />Meanwhile Toge meets one of our Adolf's mothers.  The recent widow of a German intelligence officer can't forget Toge.  We see her son, Adolf in a prep school in Germany.  He is at the top of the class and so shakes Hitler's hand at a ceremony.  He still considers the third Adolf, a German jew who is staying with his family in Japan, to be his best friend, and so he can't accept some school doctrines. <br /> <br />The Adolf series is good so far, but this particular book didn't read so well.  Mostly it is watching Toge get harassed and driven to absolute rock bottom by the secret police.  And in keeping with the story it ends badly.  This is a good series, but start on another book.
Prior to reading this I had read Book 1 in the Promethea series.  I picked up on what was going on here OK, but starting in at this book would not be a good idea.  The Background for the series:  Basically Promethea is the Goddess myth embodied.  She enters the real world (modern day New York but with flying cars and other advanced technology) through Sophie, a college student.  She has entered the world through other women at other times.  These women are now dead and they lounge around in the after life and watch Sophie-Promethea for entertainment.  Sophie-Promethea can enter other worlds.  So she can visit the other Prometheas or can travel through the land of myths (the Immateria).  Her main job is to maintain order in the real world and keep balance between all these forces that we learn about as they emerge. <br /> <br />The story here involves Sophie-Promethea leaving to go on a journey through the realms of the soul to find Barbara-Promethea (one of the deceased Prometheas), who wandered off in search of her deceased husband sometime during Book 2.  Meanwhile 20's Promethea merges with Sophie's roommate to maintain order in the real world while Sophie-Promethea is gone.  As you would expect from the series there is a lot of numerology and occult stuff here.  Most of this happens in the Sophie-Promethea plot-line which is all serious.  The real world plot line has mostly action, with 20's Promethea fighting in style, and comic relief since 20's Promethea and Sophie's roommate don't get along so well but are sharing a body.  These two plots parallel one another especially at the conclusion. <br /> <br />The graphics:  The artistic style is the normal comic booky style done well. However the layouts are spectacular.  Almost any spread of two pages hangs together as one coherent whole. The highlight of the book for me was a layout in the chapter entitled \\"Gold\\"  This layout shows a small sun in the center of the spread, with frames radiating out like rays from the sun.  You can read the dialog and action in the frames clockwise or counterclockwise and it makes sense.  You can read left to right across the top half, then left to right across the bottom half of the spread and that makes sense.  You can read top-to-bottom on the left page, and then on the right page and that makes sense.  It is very very cool. <br /> <br />This book is good, but you will likely be confused unless you have read others in the series.  For example if this review is incoherent for you then read the earlier books first.  I liked this one better than the previous book I had read, but without having read that one I would have been beating my head against the wall. <br /> <br />The one spread that I mentioned with the sun is very cool.  If you are interested in comic book design then you should check out that spread.
The story line to Chobits follows 19 year old Hideki.  He is trying to pass his exams to enter college and meanwhile working as a bus boy at a restaraunt.  He has a beautifal test prep teacher, a knock out land lady, the cutest custom model persocom (a robot slave that he found) and a crush on a co-worker.  This is very distracting since he has no girl friend and as we are repeatedly told in the story is a virgin.  In this book Hideki goes on a date with his cute co-worker and is psyched.  Meanwhile his persocom gets into trouble when she goes looking for a job and one of Hideki's friends has mysterious business with the test prep teacher. <br /> <br />It was cool to see the books that Chi, the persocom, liked (small picture books about finding love) and see that exploration of self awareness and love in computers, especially since real people grow so attached to them.  We see many of Hideki's friends who have been hurt by falling in love with a persocom or having a friend fall in love with a persocom, and yet Chi has a personality and comes across as very innocent and sweet.  Her programmed desire is to be loved.  The story isn't sad but it isn't clear what a happy ending would be. (This is part of a series and ends with a bit of a cliff hanger, so we don't find out yet.) <br /> <br />The graphics:  The drawing was excellent.  The cover art represents the quality well (including the fact that there are quite a few pin-up pics in here).  I'm assuming the pin-ups are to help males accept the book, since the plot is very feminine.  The layouts were really nice.  I particularly liked how there were very narrow frames as spacers, but there was still some important thing shown in those tiny frames.  Much of the plot happens visually and not with what characters say. <br /> <br />One thing that bothered me about this book was that it was printed to be read from right to left.  This was a little weird.  I guess if they had reversed each page and just printed the English like normal that fans would complain.  Part of why this bothered me is that there were some interesting things going on with the layouts and I probably missed a bit of that.  Anyway, the backwards aspect of the book distracted me. <br /> <br />I recommend this book if it sounds interesting to you.  After I read it I wanted to read the sequel.  This book might be offensive since much of the story involves showing us the hotties in Hideki's life and him having a hard on is a plot point more than once.
This is a very thorough rhyming dictionary.  It is a list of words alphabetized starting from the back.  These words then have a definition. (In cases where the ending on the word is pronounced differently than the same ending on neighboring words this is pointed out in the definition.)  The main advantage to this dictionary is that it has a more extensive list of words than other rhyming dictionaries I have come across. <br /> <br />The problem that I found in using this dictionary is that many of these words are very unusual or are outdated.  Just to pick a random word from a random page:  seiatherical - belonging to a sun dial.  And another:  Shough - a shaggy dog.  If you used half these words then you may as well just make up your own words Lewis Carol style and then use an Oxford English Dictionary to prove that these words are in fact real but with an obscure meaning. <br /> <br />I have an old edition of this.  (It doesn't say when it was printed but I'm thinking sometime in the 40's or 50's.  From the introduction I believe that this is a reprint of the 1851 edition, so that explains some of the oddities.)  <br /> <br />There is a modern revised edition available which might be useful, but avoid older editions.  You will have to pick through a lot of anachronisms to use the book.  On the other hand if you are cheating at scrable then this is a good backwards dictionary to use.
I liked the movie so I read the book.  The book is strange and philosophical and much less concrete than the movie.  For now I'm going to chalk it up to being some German thing. <br /> <br />The story follows Bastian, an awkward bookworm of about 11.  He visits a book store and finds a book called, \\"The Neverending Story\\"  He knows that he must have the book and so he steals it and locks himself into the attic of his school to hide from the law and read.  The story he is reading is printed in red and green, just like the book we are reading.  Gradually Bastian notices that characters in the story react to things he does and realizes that the fate of the fictional (or not so fictional) world he is reading about hangs on his actions.  This is the first half of the book.  It plays with breaking the fourth wall. <br /> <br />In the second half of the world the fourth wall is broken.  Bastian is in the world of ideas.  He can trade memories for wishes that come true as he wishes them.  So this explores identity.  The world of Fantastica is like a medieval painting.  Gargoyles etc come from here and there.  Anywhere you look archetypes are playing out morals and ideas.  But when you step back and look at the whole picture you see that there are only these small thoughts and scenes.  Anyone of them is more planned out than is the picture as a whole.  This didn't work for me in book form.  By the end of the book I didn't care what happened to any of the characters. <br /> <br />I think that the approach here is very much a love it, hate it one.  I don't even know that you would know if the book is for you from reading the first few chapters.  For me monotony set in about a third of the way through.  It is very tenuous and has philosophical aspirations.  If you saw the movie and liked it, that is no guarantee of liking the book.  My recommendation is to read this only if someone who knows you has pointed you toward it.
This is a very thorough rhyming dictionary.  It is a list of words alphabetized starting from the back of the word.  These words then have a definition. (In cases where the ending on the word is pronounced differently than the same ending on neighboring words this is pointed out in the definition.)  The main advantage to this dictionary is that it has a more extensive list of words than other rhyming dictionaries I have come across.<br /><br />I have an old edition of this.  (It doesn't say when it was printed but I'm thinking sometime in the 40's or 50's.  From the introduction I believe that this is a reprint of the 1851 edition, so that explains some of the oddities.)  The problem that I found in using this edition is that many of the words in the older edition are very unusual or are outdated.  Just to pick a random word from a random page:  seiatherical - belonging to a sun dial.  And another:  Shough - a shaggy dog.  I am assuming that the revised edition removes many of these oddities.<br /><br />This revised edition is probably more useful than older editions.  On the other hand older editions start at 4$ for a used copy.  So you are paying 10 times as much for the revision.  You will have to pick through a lot of anachronisms to use an older copy.  You may like this if you are into language history or you may beat your head against the wall.
The Digital Dilemma explores ethical issues surrounding intellectual property and computers.  This book is not going to give you a good background summary of copyright.  It would be better to read it after having read a few up-to-date books on the subject.  So if you are looking for an introduction to copyright law then go elsewhere first. <br /> <br />That said if you are already interested in the subject and know a bit of background then you will probably like this.  It deals very much with speculating about possible futures for copyright in digital media and with applying logic to both sides of issues that emerge. <br /> <br />A good approach to reading this is to just go to the chapters about topics that interest you.  The book is more of a collection of articles than a single big work, so it will make sense read that way.  I am very interested in the subject and when I tried to read straight through I got bogged down.  A few months later I skimmed and read headings and topics that interested me - that made sense and was pretty interesting.  It was like a happy little grab bag.  So I ended up liking the book. <br /> <br />This is a good book for people who are interested and already know a bit of background on the subject.  It is worth reading, but not as a first book on the topic.  University libraries and public library systems should archive a copy.
I downloaded the unabridged audio from (...) and listened to the report.  This book is long, so the unabridged audio on a commute is the way to go.  The printed text would be good if you were going to look up names.    It has thirteen chapters each giving detailed background on a particular aspect that relates to 9-11:  1.  Recreation of what was going on on the planes that morning and what air traffic controllers and the military were doing to deal with it  2.  Bin Laden and what he was doing from 1988 to 1998 (I liked discussion of his finances and how Al Quada was run as a corporation -- more about this structure in section 7)  3.  Discussion of the 1993 WTC bombing and other terrorist attacks prior to 9-11 and how various agencies responded to them  4.  What the US was doing about Al Quada prior to 9-11  5.  Al Quada attacks on the US prior to 9-11  6.  What the US was doing about terrorism  7.  What the individual people who hijacked the plane were doing in the months before, how they came to the US and what they were doing.  8.  Potential tip offs prior to the attacks  9.  Police and firefighters in New York and what they did on 9-11  10.  Wars in the middle east and especial Iraq's political system  11.  A reemphasis of the fact that our thought processes have changed since 9-11 and a warning to remember that if we try to assign blame  12.  Practical things to do about terrorism now  13.  Suggestions to improve internal communications in the US government    The report was careful to always point out that even though we can look back and say \\"bad move\\" about what people were doing about terrorism, that they really were doing the best given the information they had.  It is weird to have to be reminded of how everyone used to think.  Circa 1980 \\"bomb threat\\" in a school meant hide under a school desk.  Circa 1990 it meant leave the school.  That's a little unrelated, but it shows how the way we think changes over time.    The Commission Report is mostly just documentation of anything you would want to know off the top of your head about 9-11.  It isn't inflammatory and as I just said it always points out that people thought differently before 9-11 and that it is absurd to blame people for not believing what we barely believed for months after.  Just having some balance on this topic is a positive thing given that most other sources of information are very inflammatory.  This is a good source for just-the-facts about 9-11 without a big political push for something else.  Even though the final sections are recommendations for where to go from here the logic for those recommendations is laid out and they flow from data in the other chapters.      If time is an issue (and this is a long book) then reading the Commission Report Executive Summary would be OK.  The summary includes most of the points made in the report, but cuts out the supporting evidence.  So it will tell you what the report found, but not why and how.  The report is not too hard to read, but it isn't the lightest reading either.  The summary is shorter, but in loosing the detail it looses the benefit of the detailed report.  It would be better to read the detailed sections that you are most interested in.  If you have an mp3 player then downloading the audio from freeclassicaudiobooks.com is a good way to get the story.
This book contains short biographies of pirates.  It was first published in 1724, but these stories read fast despite the antiquated language.  The biographies focus on the most interesting parts of each pirate's life instead of dry facts.  There are plenty of more \\"serious\\" facts here, but the biography goes into more detail just when the reader is getting curious.  So we are told any interesting anecdotes about each pirate in the course of reading their biographies. <br /> <br />For example the biography of Anne Bonny tells about her life and exploits as a pirate.  But we also are treated to a description of the bedroom farce by which Anne's mother, a household servant, was discovered by the lady of the house to be having an affair with the man of the house.  She caught the maid accidentally because of a prank involving spoons hidden in the bed sheets.  This event doesn't take place during Anne's life.  (It involves her conception, and leads into why her father left for the New World.)  But really we are told about it because it is a good entertaining story. <br /> <br />So this book is highly readable and entertaining despite the language.  This is a good book for you if you are into pirates, history, or the adventure genre (this book is factual, but it inspired many fictions).
The Spirit is a crime fighting hero who uses ingenuity and physical skill, rather than super powers, to defeat evil.  He is witty likeable and politically incorrect.  The comic pioneered many layout techniques and so many super heros are modeled after The Spirit.  The story lines and comics hold up even now more than 60 years later and I recommend for comic book fans to try out the series.    I recommend this series to all comics fans, although not necessarily this volume.  The Spirit was very influential and the stories are still good to read now.  I recommend this series to libraries, because this is a unique opportunity to archive the entire run of a very influential comic.
This book is written in three languages (German, English, French) side by side by side.  It is mostly about the Kunsthaus Wien, Hundertwasser's gallery in Vienna Austria, and uses this as an example and breaking off point for ideas and concepts behind his work.  His ideas involve a return to nature.  He advocates planting trees and other plants on a building as a way to give back the land that was taken from nature and believes that it is better to build on the worst land and not the best and thereby improve the over all landscape.  The text and pictures go well together and show how and why the Kunsthaus Wien was developed. <br /> <br />The Kunsthaus Wien was but with Hundertwasser's creative control.  Trees are planted in large pots on the sides of the building.  Other elements that return architecture to nature are also incorporated, including uneven surfaces and an avoidance of right angles.  At the end of the book are 44 pages displaying Hundertwasser's paintings art and other architectural projects on which he was consulted. <br /> <br />If you are a fan of Hundertwasser's work you will not be disappointed with the nicely printed pictures and descriptions of the philosophy behind Hundertwasser's work.  If you are interested in ways of integrating nature with architecture, then this provides and exploration of concepts.
In this follow up to Chariots of the Gods Daniken looks for evidence of aliens' past visits to earth by examining archaeology.  Many cultures from the past show rays projecting from the heads of the people they portray.  Large carved rocks are hard to explain.  Using technology of the time they would have been very tedious to erect. <br /> <br />Throughout the book Daniken asks, \\"How could they do this without help from aliens?\\" or \\"Is this a carving of an alien?\\"  Sometimes his analysis of what he finds is way off, as when he describes a carving of a person inside a carved circular decoration and captions it as a person in a \\"spherical spaceship\\"  Art historians can have a laugh at Daniken's expense. <br /> <br />There is good archaeology here.  The book is a fast read with many illustrations to back up points. <br /> <br />Chapters: <br />Interstellar Space Flight is Possible <br />On the Track of Life <br />A \\"Sunday\\" Archaeologist Asks Questions <br />Mankind's Storehouse of Memory <br />The Sphere the Ideal Shape for Spacecraft <br />The Science Fiction of Yesterday is Tomorrow's Reality <br />Conversations in Moscow <br />Ancient Sites That Deserve Investigation <br />Easter Island:  An Inexhaustible Topic <br />To India to Consult the Sacred Texts <br />The Perversions of Our Ancestors <br />Questions and still more Questions
The patterns contained here are:  Ouroboros, Wizard and Witch, Winged Dragon, Gargoyle, Daedalus, Pegasus, Flapping Dragon, Woodland Elf, Centaur, Rearing Dragon, Shiva, Unicorn, Long-tailed Dragon and Cererus. <br /> <br />Each of these designs is a beautiful conversation piece.  Each is also frustrating and difficult to fold.  These are for advanced folders.  Many of these designs are for animals that have four legs.  If you have folded a four legged animal before then you know what I am talking about.  Its tricky.  If you have never attempted a four legged animal then you are probably not at the level to use this book.  I thought that the difficulty I had folding these was because of the complexity of the pieces.  Reading other comments here about the inaccurate diagrams has inspired me to try and reattempt some of these intuitively.  Whatever my problem was it is likely to be a problem for you too, so be careful unless you are the origami champ. <br /> <br />Throughout the book are full page color pictures of each creature you could fold.  These made it clearer to see where I was going and help motivationally.  Each is posed in a little mythical scene. <br /> <br />I think that I was not at a level for this book.  I am intermediate at origami and usually can work through more difficult patterns after a few attempts.  This book is a wonderful book if you are advanced at origami, but not for beginner and barely for intermediate.
This is a book of poetry and art.  The poems are good for adults as well as children (even though this is called anthology for \\"young people\\").  They are arranged loosely by theme and are from different time periods. <br /> <br />There are also many pictures throughout the book.  These are color and are reproductions of art from different time periods and cultures.  The pictures and poems are arranged to fill each page.  This makes for a charming book to browse. <br /> <br />This is not an essential book for a family library.  It is a nice edition and has a good collection of poems for all ages displayed attractively with pictures.  Depending on what you already have and how much space you have this might be a nice edition for you.
In this follow up to Chariots of the Gods Daniken looks for evidence of aliens' past visits to earth by examining archaeology.  Many cultures from the past show rays projecting from the heads of the people they portray.  Large carved rocks are hard to explain.  Using technology of the time they would have been very tedious to erect.<br /><br />Throughout the book Daniken asks, \\"How could they do this without help from aliens?\\" or \\"Is this a carving of an alien?\\"  Sometimes his analysis of what he finds is way off, as when he describes a carving of a person inside a carved circular decoration and captions it as a person in a \\"spherical spaceship\\"  Art historians can have a laugh at Daniken's expense.<br /><br />There is good archaeology here.  The book is a fast read with many illustrations to back up points.<br /><br />Chapters:<br /><br />Interstellar Space Flight is Possible<br /><br />On the Track of Life<br /><br />A \\"Sunday\\" Archaeologist Asks Questions<br /><br />Mankind's Storehouse of Memory<br /><br />The Sphere the Ideal Shape for Spacecraft<br /><br />The Science Fiction of Yesterday is Tomorrow's Reality<br /><br />Conversations in Moscow<br /><br />Ancient Sites That Deserve Investigation<br /><br />Easter Island:  An Inexhaustible Topic<br /><br />To India to Consult the Sacred Texts<br /><br />The Perversions of Our Ancestors<br /><br />Questions and still more Questions
Stranger than Science is a nice little collection of anomalies.  In more than 70 very short chapters Edwards mentions a huge number of unexplained phenomena from unexplained archaeological evidence to dreams that inspired inventors in their sleep. <br /> <br />This is probably the only pseudo science I read as a child that is worth rereading now.  Edwards has a writing style that is conversational and easy to read.  Much of what he is saying is just thrown out there, but it is easy to sort out the rumors from the more backed up assertions.  Sometimes he simply reminds us of oddities, like the inspirational dreams, that don't shake the world view but are good stories to tell.  By the way there is no bibliography or index. <br /> <br />This is worth a read if you are interested in unexplained phenomena.  It is sort of an organized conversational laundry list of the weird.
1984 is extremely influential on the way we as a society label each other and our government with names such as \\"Big Brother\\" Orwellian and such.  These names like calling someone a Nazi allow us to appear to argue but actually allow us to dodge the real issues.  This is fairly ironic considering the origin of such terms.  Basically 1984 is set in London in the distopian future.  Orwell wrote it in response to Stalin's corrupting the ideals of Socialism.  He was a socialist and so was really bothered by that failure.<br /><br />The plot to 1984 isn't so important as the setting.  Basically the story follows Winston Smith.  Smith harbors less than perfect views of his environment, for which he will one day be arrested regardless of his actions.  Not loving the government (thought crime) is the only crime that is recognized.  Hidden cameras and microphones are omnipresent in the city, included mandatory TVs which can't be turned off, only show a single government station and contain hidden cameras through which \\"thought police\\" may monitor what is in front of the TV at any time.  Social interaction doesn't exist, since that would be considered weird and therefore criminal.<br /><br />There are three classes of people in London:  Inner Party members, Party members like Winston and the proletariate, who aren't watched so closely because they aren't considered human.  In this world Winston goes from merely not liking the government to engaging in unusual behavior.  He starts by buying decorative antiques at a proletariate shop and progresses to having a girl friend, who he can only meet with in remote country side settings on account of social interaction is not allowed by the government.  It is obvious to him that he will one day be taken to the Ministry of Love, a windowless building which handles law enforcement, and never fails at getting thought criminals to love the government.<br /><br />The novel is always dark.  No happy beginning, no happy middle and no happy ending.  Still it is important to read it before throwing around terms like \\"Orwellian\\"  It has been so influential on society that it is required reading - if you want to pass your tenth grade English.  Failing to read is a sign of insurgence against the government.
This book attempts to include a reproduction of every work ever done by Van Gough.  This is ambitious.  It is useful for finding reproductions of sketches for final works.  Most of the sketches are reproduced in two inch tall black and white in the margins of the book.  More detailed sketches and final works are reproduced larger.  When applicable reproductions are in color.  All of the reproductions are high quality and limited to one page - no two page spreads where the pic gets cut in half by the binding.  This book is a bit large to fit nicely on a shelf at 10 x 14 inches.  This tells you that the maximum width for a reproduction is going to be about 8.5 inches.  It is the book to check if you want to find a copy of an obscure work by Van Gough, or see sketches and drawings to follow the artistic process for a particular work. <br /> <br />Jan Hulsker (the author currently unlisted by amazon) has also tried to provide dates for as many of Van Gough's letters as possible.  These letters are published in the 1953 four volume compilation of letters by DW van Gough.  They are quoted frequently but not reproduced here.  The text and pictures are arranged chronologically.  The goal is to present as much data as coherently as possible.  It possible to read through this, but it is a bit dry, and I don't recommend it unless you are hard core.  If you are doing in depth scholarly research on Van Gough then you will want to take a look at this book. <br /> <br />University libraries should have a copy of this.  You will have a book about Van Gough anyway.  So why not the complete works? <br /> <br />People who like Van Gough's work will like this one.  If it isn't available don't be sad.  He is a popular artist and it will be easy to find a good book to please you. <br /> <br /> <br />Chapters: <br /> <br />Preface <br />Note on the Captions <br />Canvas Sizes <br />Van Gough's Course before 1881 <br /> <br />Etten/ April - December 1881 <br />The Hague/ January 1882 - September 1883 <br />Drenthe/ September - December 1883 <br />Nuenen/ December 1883 - November 1885 <br />Antwerp/ November 1885 - February 1886 <br />Paris/ March 1886 - February 1888 <br />Arles/ February 1888 - May 1889 <br />Saint-Remy/ May 1889 - May 1890 <br />Auvers-sur-Oise/ May - July 1890 <br /> <br />Notes <br />Concordance of De la Faille and Hulsker Numbers <br />List of Colorplates <br />Picture Credits <br />Selected Bibliography <br />Biographical Chronology <br />Index
Stranger than Science is a nice little collection of anomalies.  In more than 70 very short chapters Edwards mentions a huge number of unexplained phenomena from unexplained archaeological evidence to dreams that inspired inventors in their sleep. <br /> <br />This is probably the only pseudo science I read as a child that is worth rereading now.  Edwards has a writing style that is conversational and easy to read.  Much of what he is saying is just thrown out there, but it is easy to sort out the rumors from the more backed up assertions.  Sometimes he simply reminds us of oddities, like the inspirational dreams, that don't shake the world view but are good stories to tell.  By the way there is no bibliography or index. <br /> <br />This is worth a read if you are interested in unexplained phenomena.  It is sort of an organized conversational laundry list of the weird.
I and my brother used to fight over who got the copy of this from the public library.  Later when the library decessioned the badly mauled (not just by us) book, my mother got that copy. <br /> <br />The story concerns two cars: an old car and a new car.  They agree to have a race.  The old car takes it slow, or at the speed limit anyway, and the new car goes speeding off.  Speeding tickets and roadside assistance result in delays for both cars, and they are neck and neck (or bumper and bumper) at the finish.  You may be surprised at who wins. <br /> <br />The writing is good for children who have learned to read, but are not too advanced.  There are illustrations and they tell the story, but they are better used if someone is reading to the child.  This is a book that I and my brother had both memorized from rereading it, if that gives you any indication of the book's quality. <br /> <br />The edition I have is printed in 1955.  It has been heavily used, but the binding is good and the pages are not brittle.  I can tug on pages and they are strong and firmly bound.  An older edition of this book could withstand day-to-day use by children today.
This is a good book for beginning beaders.  There are sections on stringing beads, using wire, weaving and weaving with a loom.  The projects are extremely simple.  The instructions are clear with easy to follow diagrams.  Taylor gives good descriptions of the tools you will need and how to use them. <br /> <br />It has many nice pictures.  There are color photos covering all or part of almost every page.  Often the jewelry in the pictures is printed actual size in the photographs.  They are well done and integrated well. <br /> <br />This describes the basic processes and does so clearly.  If you are new to beading and want to move on to more advanced techniques then this is a good book for you.  I don't think it will be helpful for experienced beaders.  (I had done a large amount of wire work before reading this, and didn't find any of the sections helpful as I had already been exposed to the techniques.)
There aren't many books about hats, which gives this one an edge.  Most of the text in the book deals with history of hats.  The history starts to get detailed around 1800.  So only about half of what you find in this book applies to hats you might find in a thrift store.  In the margins are small period advertisements for hats and depictions of hats from cartoons and simple drawings.  Scattered throughout are full page color plates with photos of hats.  Half of the text pages are printed on green paper, so the illustrations there would be green and white.  It bothers me a little. <br /> <br />The pictures here are nice.  They are useful for seeing how a particular style was worn and for trying to determine a bit about when a hat was made.  There is also a section on hats today.  Consider when this book was published.  There is a little too much about Boy George here and how he will bring about a comeback for hats. <br /> <br />All in all this is a nice picture book and history for hats.  If you are into that kind of thing then this is fine to look through.
In this follow up to Chariots of the Gods Daniken looks for evidence of aliens' past visits to earth by examining archaeology.  Many cultures from the past show rays projecting from the heads of the people they portray.  Large carved rocks are hard to explain.  Using technology of the time they would have been very tedious to erect. <br /> <br />Throughout the book Daniken asks, \\"How could they do this without help from aliens?\\" or \\"Is this a carving of an alien?\\"  Sometimes his analysis of what he finds is way off, as when he describes a carving of a person inside a carved circular decoration and captions it as a person in a \\"spherical spaceship\\"  Art historians can have a laugh at Daniken's expense. <br /> <br />There is good archaeology here.  The book is a fast read with many illustrations to back up points. <br /> <br />This book was later republished as Gods from Outer Space. <br /> <br />Chapters: <br />Interstellar Space Flight is Possible <br />On the Track of Life <br />A \\"Sunday\\" Archaeologist Asks Questions <br />Mankind's Storehouse of Memory <br />The Sphere the Ideal Shape for Spacecraft <br />The Science Fiction of Yesterday is Tomorrow's Reality <br />Conversations in Moscow <br />Ancient Sites That Deserve Investigation <br />Easter Island:  An Inexhaustible Topic <br />To India to Consult the Sacred Texts <br />The Perversions of Our Ancestors <br />Questions and still more Questions
This is a cute little book for sure.  It chronicles the search for pyramid power and the struggle to find out just what makes the pyramid so awesome.  According to Schul the pyramid can do all the things listed on the inside flap/book description.  There are practical ways to apply this to your life.  Food may be kept in custom made pyramid shaped containers, and will keep fresh longer.  But to harness the full effects of pyramid power one should live in a pyramid shaped house.  A section of photos in the center of this book provides diagrams of the King's Chamber in the Great Pyramid, our best template for maximum power, and diagrams of a hypothetical pyramid home. <br /> <br />Throughout the book Schul refers to experimentation by himself and others into pyramid power.  Experiments with plants grown in pyramid shaped enclosures have produced some suggestive results.  There are also chapters on the effect on solids and liquids of being stored inside pyramids.  Here the evidence is vaguer.  Case studies replace studies and it more describes an area that could be researched than a conclusive discovery. <br /> <br />The book is overall soft science.  To be fair Schul often gives the name of a book, article or person and inserts enough information into the text that the sources could be verified.  I prefer to see footnotes or endnotes. <br /> <br />Overall this is an interesting book.  It is a bit kooky, but it does raise some interesting points.  From the cover illustration showing a naked girl floating inside a mystical pyramid to suggestions on building you own personal pyramid tent for meditation this book is a conversation piece.
Velisovsky reconsidered is a follow up to Velisovsky's Worlds in Collision.  Velisovsky published in the 1950's on a theories about the planet Venus.  He thought that it had broken off from Jupiter about 10000 years ago and argued that it would be hot since it hadn't had time to cool.  Between Velisovsky arguing this against the logic of the day, which believed that Venus had a similar surface temperature to earth, and the publication of Velisovky reconsidered, our ideas of surface temperature in Venus had fallen into line with his theories.  Velisovsky had many more theories about Venus and what he proposed as its wandering unpredictable course through the solar system.    So there are some compelling connections and fulfilled predictions of Velisovsky's that emerged after his theories were published.  However this book has an axe to grind.  It is a seven part book, and one of those parts is devoted to articles on the scientific coverup of all these amazing theories about Venus.  Oh yes, this book is a bound compilation of articles on different subjects by different authors.  Many of these are the original works be Velisovsky which cover subjects from the pyramids to stonehinge to the moon to Venus (lots of Venus).  Then there are followups to Velisovsky's articles that introduce the modern science.  It is kind of a mish-mash.    Velisovky Reconsidered was published in 1976, and is a compilation of papers published earlier.  Since then our understanding of science has developed a great deal.  By now the followups published in the 1970's are going to have been expanded or the facts as we know them are going to have changed.  This book is more historical than scientific now.  If you are seriously interested in Velisovsky's theories then try to find a more recent book on them.      Chapters:  Part I    The Scientific Mafia - David Stone    The Censorship of Velisovsky's Interedisciplinary Synthesis - Lynn E Rose    Shapley, Velisovsky, and the Scientific Spirit - Horace M Kallen    H H Hess and My Memoranda - Immanuel Velisovsky  Part II    The Orientation of the Pyramids - Immanuel Velisovsky    On Decoding Hawkins' Stonehenge Decoded - Immanuel Velisovsky    Babylonian Observations of Venus - Lynn E Rose    Earth Without a Moon - Immanuel Velisovsky    Giordano Bruno's View on the Earth Without a Moon - A M Paterson  Part III    How Stable is the Solar System? - C J Ransom    Could Mars Have Been an Inner Planet? - Lynn E Rosen    The Orbits of Mars, Earth, and Venus - Lynn E Rosen and Raymond C Vaugn    The Orbits of Venus - C J Ransom and L H Hoffee    Velisovsky and the Sequence of Planetary Orbits - Lynn E Rosen and Raymond C Vaugn    Venus' Circular Orbit - Chris S Sherrerd    Footnote by Immanuel Velisovsky    Gyroscopic Precession and Celestial Axis Displacement - Chris S Sherrerd    Plasma in Inter planetary Space:  Reconciling celestial mechanics and Velisovskian Catastrophism - Ralph E Juergens  Part IV    Venus Clouds:  Test for Hydrocarbons - William T Plummer    Venus and Hydrocarbons - Immanuel Velisovsky    The Nature of the Cytherean Atmosphere - Albert W Burgstahler    Venus' Atmosphere - Immanuel Velisovsky    Footnote by Albert W Burgstahler    A Letter from Peter R Ballinger  Part V    Are the Moon's Scars Only Three Thousand Years Old? - Immanuel Velisovsky    Lunar Rocks and Velisovsky's Claims - Derek York    When Was the Lunar Surface Last Molten? - Immanuel Velisovsky    Effects of Volatility on Rubidium-Strontium Dating - Robert C Wright    Magnetic Remanence in Lunar Rocks - Robert Treash    Is Venus' Heat Decreasing? - Immanuel Velisovsky  Part VI    The Center Holds - William Mullen  and an index
This is a book of poetry and art.  The poems are good for adults as well as children (even though this is called anthology for \\"young people\\").  They are arranged loosely by theme and are from different time periods. <br /> <br />There are also many pictures throughout the book.  These are color and are reproductions of art from different time periods and cultures.  The pictures and poems are arranged to fill each page.  This makes for a charming book to browse. <br /> <br />This is not an essential book for a family library.  It is a nice edition and has a good collection of poems for all ages displayed attractively with pictures.  Depending on what you already have and how much space you have this might be a nice edition for you.
This entire book consists of color illustrations of human anatomy.  No explanation - just pictures.  That was what I was looking for.  I got this to study from to improve my drawing.  I wouldn't recommend it for that purpose.  The quality of the illustrations is OK, but definitely not good.  It is sad to see such high quality print job go to waste. <br /> <br />In terms of medical use:  It is easy to locate structures, both using the index and when mentally separating the object of interest from background in pictures.  (I was premed so I have used this for anatomy.)  Probably Netter was drawing a diagrammatic ideal human.  The vagueness in the illustrations is good or bad depending on your purpose. <br /> <br />This is a good book for anatomy and medical students to study from.  It is extremely expensive, but so are all your books.  If you are studying anatomy to improve your art then you are better off going with a photo based book or even a reprint of Vesalius.  I don't know what to recommend (still looking), but with this atlas you will likely be disappointed.  Just look at the cover to see why.  Netter's illustrations leave much to be desired.
Yep this book pretty much gives you a take on what would happen if genius detective Sherlock Holmes were instead genius cat burglar Justice Raffles.  Raffles commits high collar petty theft for fun and profit.  He steals jewelry etc and uses his connections as a gentleman to sniff out new opportunities.  At one point as he describes the many middle men involved in reselling a piece of stolen jewelry as he explains to Bunny how crime doesn't pay - financially anyway.  Often he steals something just because of the challenge involved in stealing it, which leads to interesting and varied stories for us to read.  Bunny is his unwitting and later witting accomplice.  He narrates the stories, as a sort of Watson to Raffles' Holmes.    These were very charming stories.  If you like Sherlock Holmes and other victorian fiction then you will probably like these.
Yep this book pretty much gives you a take on what would happen if genius detective Sherlock Holmes were instead genius cat burglar Justice Raffles.  Raffles commits high collar petty theft for fun and profit.  He steals jewelry etc and uses his connections as a gentleman to sniff out new opportunities.  At one point as he describes the many middle men involved in reselling a piece of stolen jewelry as he explains to Bunny how crime doesn't pay - financially anyway.  Often he steals something just because of the challenge involved in stealing it, which leads to interesting and varied stories for us to read.  Bunny is his unwitting and later witting accomplice.  He narrates the stoires, as a sort of Watson to Raffles' Holmes. <br /> <br />These were very charming stoires.  If you like Sherlock Holmes and other victorian fiction then you will probably like these.
Yep this book pretty much gives you a take on what would happen if genius detective Sherlock Holmes were instead genius cat burglar Justice Raffles.  Raffles commits high collar petty theft for fun and profit.  He steals jewelry etc and uses his connections as a gentleman to sniff out new opportunities.  At one point as he describes the many middle men involved in reselling a piece of stolen jewelry as he explains to Bunny how crime doesn't pay - financially anyway.  Often he steals something just because of the challenge involved in stealing it, which leads to interesting and varied stories for us to read.  Bunny is his unwitting and later witting accomplice.  He narrates the stories, as a sort of Watson to Raffles' Holmes.    These were very charming stories.  If you like Sherlock Holmes and other victorian fiction then you will probably like these.
What struck me most about Origami Flowers was the horrible quality of all photographs in the book.  It looks like they were digitized at low resolution and then enlarged way more than possible.  Instead of a picture you get several squares in varying shades of gray all arranged together.  Darker squares near the center tell you that there would be a flower there if the editor had bothered to make it so. <br /> <br />The actual flower patterns are fine and the diagrams printed OK.  The actual diagrams are terrible to follow.  I am decent at origami and had trouble figuring out what I was supposed to do.  I think they were trying to draw three dimensional diagrams, but had never heard of perspective. <br /> <br />Another problem is that with only indistinct blobs where photos of the finished products should be you have fold the flower before you can see what it will look like.  So you can't thumb through and find a design to use. <br /> <br />I have always been a fan of Dover Books.  I was shocked.  What happened?  How could this book ship looking like this? <br /> <br />AVOID THIS BOOK <br />BLANK PAPER IS WORTH MORE <br />THIS BOOK IS POST CONSUMER WASTE
This is a rare gem among art histories:  A well researched book that an average person will enjoy as much as a researcher.  What makes this book stand out from other books about art nouveau is how thorough it is (It is phone book thick) and the quantity and quality of the pictures.  All the reproductions of art in this book are color, with the obvious exception of older photographs of artists and occasionally architecture or artifacts that no longer exist except in black and white pictures. <br /> <br />The book takes the theory that art nouveau was part of a social response to industrialization.  So the art is defined as art that used a return to nature or investigation into magic to try to make sense of the world.  Art works are organized by what materials they were created from (jewelry, ceramics, textile, commercial advertising prints).  Paintings and some examples of the other medias are grouped by country with a historical write on art nouveau in that geographical region. <br /> <br />This book is great.  The high quality color reproductions and so many of them are worth looking through again and again.  If you are at all into art nouveau then you are likely to love this book.  Libraries should make this available because of the wonderful high quality color reproductions.
The book consists of five essays on the education system in the US.  The first two essays are acceptance speeches for teaching awards that Gatto received.  The first, which Gatto gave while accepting a Teacher of the Year Award for New York State, addresses the seven lessons he and the school system teach students.  it is a harmless subject unless one considers that Gatto defines those lessons as confusion, class position, indifference, emotional dependency, intellectual dependency, provisional self-esteem and lack of privacy.  His speech on being awarded the state teacher award the previous year was entitled \\"The Psychopathic School\\" - and they still asked him to speak again the next year!!! <br /> <br />That fact and the fact that he won awards at teaching, a field he later left because of moral issues with \\"indoctrination\\", give his theories weight.  Often the way he is saying things is very conspiratorial.  But what he is saying is well reasoned and logical.  Gatto knows what he is talking about well enough to spook me. <br /> <br />This book was very different from what I expected.  It is large print and only about 100 pages.  Anyone of these essays can be read in a sitting.  I was expecting something more scholarly with more facts to back up what Gatto is saying.  This is not to dismiss the book.  You can get a lot from reading a chapter/essay and then thinking about it.  Gatto brings up but they tend to be about well known historical figures, such as Benjamin Franklin, or stories about his students and experiences teaching.  He is taking you through a thought process, rather than documenting the phenomena he sees in schools. <br /> <br />This is a book well worth reading if you have a child in schools or are involved in the education process.  It is a fast read, but there will also be some time for thinking and turning those issues over in your head afterwards.  Despite the occasional conspiratorial tone much of what Gatto said rang true for me.
Yep this book pretty much gives you a take on what would happen if genius detective Sherlock Holmes were instead genius cat burglar Justice Raffles.  Raffles commits high collar petty theft for fun and profit.  He steals jewelry etc and uses his connections as a gentleman to sniff out new opportunities.  At one point as he describes the many middle men involved in reselling a piece of stolen jewelry as he explains to Bunny how crime doesn't pay - financially anyway.  Often he steals something just because of the challenge involved in stealing it, which leads to interesting and varied stories for us to read.  Bunny is his unwitting and later witting accomplice.  He narrates the stoires, as a sort of Watson to Raffles' Holmes. <br /> <br />These were very charming stoires.  If you like Sherlock Holmes and other victorian fiction then you will probably like these.
This book is one in Time Life Books' The Enchanted World series.  Each of these books covers a different aspect of folklore and mythology, and they are an excellent set.  They tell stories in a similar format and complement each other well without repeating the content.  Each is about 140 pages.  This is a beautifully illustrated well printed volume.  There is artwork both old and modern on almost every page. <br /> <br />Each chapter contains a section with general background on that theme and then a fairy tale that illustrates it.  Stories are retold in a style that makes for a good read.  These stories come from all over the world.  Often there will be smaller illustrations and captions in the margins to the main story.  These tell variations of the story and related stories from other cultures. <br /> <br />This is a beautifully bound and printed book.  The binding is just cloth to collectors, but it is printed to look like a wizard's book.  The cover shows a dragon holding a picture of a two knights locked in battle.  I think it was the cover that got me reading this when I was child. <br /> <br />Chapters: <br />Lords of the Chariot and the Spear:  A champion's schooling in another world <br />The Cruel Demands of Honor:  Treachery of the Niebelungs <br />Brotherhood of the Round Table:  Warriors on a world of wonders <br />The Noblest Quest of All:  The great king's final battle <br /> <br />This is a well researched nicely produced series.  For me one book in the series had me hooked.  If you are interested in mythology and all things magic then it is definitely worth trying out the series.  High school and middle school libraries should consider the series.  This is an excellent companion to Time Life's The Fall of Camelot.  These two fill in the gaps in one another, and the King Arthur legend comes to its end here.  (As you can see from the contents this book covers other myths too.
This book is one in Time Life Books' The Enchanted World series.  Each of these books covers a different aspect of folklore and mythology, and they are an excellent set.  They tell stories in a similar format and complement each other well without repeating the content.  Each is about 140 pages.  This is a beautifully illustrated well printed volume.  Modern and older pictures of dragons appear on almost every page.  The history here is visual as well as factual. <br /> <br />Each chapter follows the format of general information and then a fairy tale illustrating that theme.  The general information here give a very nice overview of the types of dragons in different cultures and the different myths around their slaying and extinction.  Stories are retold in a style that makes for a good read and  come from all over the world.  Often there will be smaller illustrations and captions in the margins to the main text.  These tell variations of the story and related stories from other cultures. <br /> <br />This is a beautifully bound and printed book.  The binding is just cloth to collectors, but it is printed to look like a wizard's book.  The cover shows a dragon holding a picture of Sigurd slaying the dragon.  I think it was the cover that got me reading this when I was child. <br /> <br />Chapters: <br />Chaos Incarnate:  A Field Guide to Dragons <br />Glittering Gods of the East:  A maid who braved the deep <br />The Serpent Ascendant:  Sojourn in a watery realm <br />Rise of the Dragonslayer:  Ancient tales of Persian kings <br /> <br />This is a well researched nicely produced series.  For me one book in the series had me hooked.  If you are interested in mythology and all things magic then it is definitely worth trying out the series.  This book especially, with it's Field Guide to Dragons, should appeal to you.  High school and middle school libraries should consider the series.
This book is one in Time Life Books' The Enchanted World series.  Each of these books covers a different aspect of folklore and mythology, and they are an excellent set.  They tell stories in a similar format and complement each other well without repeating the content.  Each is about 140 pages.  Together the series makes a good fun coverage of mythology.  This volume stands well on its own.  You can get more detailed books about Arthurian legend.  This one has detailed information but is easy to read throughout.  This is a beautifully illustrated well printed volume <br /> <br />There is a chapter on each of the major characters in the legend:  Arthur, Morgause, Guinevere, Morgan, Lancelot, Mordred and Gawain.  There is enough scholarship and reference here that this can be used as an academic resource,  but it is written so that it is easy to read.  Often more detailed information is presented in smaller sections with pictures and captions in the margins to the chapter. <br /> <br />This is a beautifully bound and printed book.  The binding is just cloth to collectors, but it is printed to look like a wizard's book.  The cover shows a dragon holding a picture of a King Arthur brooding on his throne.  I think it was the cover that got me reading this when I was child. <br /> <br />This is a well researched nicely produced series.  For me one book in the series had me hooked.  If you are interested in mythology and all things magic then it is definitely worth trying out the series.  High school and middle school libraries should consider the series and especially this book since it stands alone well.
I remember this book very well from when I was a child.  The biggest strength here is the illustrations.  They completely cover every page.  The only white on most pages is the whites of a characters eyes, the crest of a wave etc.  (The text is cleverly laid out over sky, over a brick wall, over anyplace where not so much action is going on.  These areas are smoothed out so that they are all the same color and then text is laid out there.  It works well.)  I would \\"read\\" this book before I could read. <br /> <br />The illustrations are realistic in style.  They have bright colors and are beautifully printed.  They are perfect for children.  This would be a good book to get for a child who is very young and can't read yet because the pictures are so strong, and the child can grow to read. <br /> <br />Despite the title, this book is a collection of fairy tales and not a pseudo history about wizards and trolls.  These stories tend to be humorous and not scary.  My favorite concerns a hero's quest to get a magical potion.  The potion will cure the wart on the princess' nose in time for her to attend a royal ball.  He fails his quest and the princess attends the party with a beautiful fan in front of her face.  Some of the stories here may be duplicates of stories already in your fairy tale collection: <br />Nils in the Forest (A Danish Story) <br />The Magic Book <br />Poet, Goblin and Donkey <br />The Giant and the Cobbler <br />A Pot of Gold <br />The Crystal Ball <br />Molly Whuppie <br />Pixie Visitors <br />Long Nose <br />French Puck <br />The Boastful Tailor <br />The Two Wizards <br />Snow-White and Rose-Red <br />Mother Holle <br /> <br />The illustrations in this book are very colorful and lavish.  This is a perfect book for younger children who are just learning to read.  The pictures are enough to entertain a child, and the writing is large print with simple language.  The stories are charming and clever, but written for small children. <br /> <br />(If youdo purchase this for a child, try to get a copy without a name written in the front.  The opening page shows an old gypsy pointing to a label that says, \\"This book belongs to...\\" and a place for a child to write their name.)
This is a text based overview of art in the 1800's.  It has a text to picture ratio similar to that in Art by Hartt.  It has a similar (but obviously more specific) audience.  Reproductions are high quality.  Most are black and white - maybe 20 percent color.  Here the color plates are mixed throughout the book, instead of all together in one color section.  So all the thematically similar pictures are grouped together with the information about them.  Read through the chapter titles and if you like several of the artists in question then this may be a good book to have reproductions of their work.    Outline of Nineteenth Century Art:  Classicism and Romanticism    Patriotism and Virtue:  David to the Young Ingres    Classicism in Crisis:  Gross to Delacroix    The Tensions of Enlightenment:  Goya    Visionary History Painting:  Blake and His Contemporaries    Nature Historicized:  Constable, Turner, and Romantic Landscape Painting  New World Frontiers    Old World, New World:  The Encounter of Cultures on the American Frontier    Black and White in America  Realism and Naturalism    The Generation of 1830 and the Crisis in the Public Sphere    The Rhetoric of Realism:  Courbet and the Origin of the Avant-Garde    The Decline of History Painting:  Germany, Italy, and France  Modern Art and Life    Manet and the Impressionists    Issues of Gender in Cassatt and Eakins    Mass Culture and Utopia:  Seurat and Neoimpressionism    Abstraction and Populism:  Van Gough    Symbolism and the Dialectics of Retreat    The Failure and Success of Cezanne  chronology, bibliography, list of illustrations and index    This is a good book for university libraries.  Because realistic art styles have traditionally been overlooked in favor of more abstract styles, there is a gap in history books that cover art.  This is a good detailed overview of overlooked art.  The sections on American art particularly valuable in filling a potential gap.  American art in this time period had a documentary function.  (European art had more of an idealized function as from Ruskin or acted more in the traditional way as a status symbol.  Also European movements such as Pre-Raphealitism have recently become popular and widely available, so this is not such a big gap.)  Having coverage of American art from this time period is especially desirable.    I don't think that this is such a good book for individuals to buy, unless you already know what it is.  It is written and intended for academic study (so the writing is dense).  Look through the book at a book shop or library first.
This book is one in Time Life Books' The Enchanted World series.  Each of these books covers a different aspect of folklore and mythology, and they are an excellent set.  They tell stories in a similar format and complement each other well without repeating the content.  Each is about 140 pages. <br /> <br />This is a beautifully illustrated well printed volume.  Artists include John Jude Palencar, Mark Langenekert, Kinuko Craft, Gary Kelley, Marshall Arisman, Yvonne Gilbert, Brian McCall, Robert Goldstrum, Winslow Pinney Pels and James C Christensen.  Older illustrations are mixed in.  These include works by Horace Vernet, Peter Bruegel, Herbert Arnold and Kuniyoshi. <br /> <br />Stories are retold in a style that makes for a good read.  These stories come from all over the world.  Often there will be smaller illustrations and captions in the margins to the main story.  These tell variations of the story and related stories from other cultures.  Each chapter follows the format of general information and then a long story that illustrates the theme of the chapter. <br /> <br />This is a beautifully bound and printed book.  The binding is just cloth to collectors, but it is printed to look like a wizard's book.  The cover shows a dragon holding a picture of a girl and a ghost knight riding a horse.  I think it was the cover that got me reading this when I was child. <br /> <br />Chapters: <br />Guises of the Reaper:  Song of the sorrowing harp <br />Invasions by the Angry Dead:  A meeting on the road home <br />Shadow Plays of Grief and Pain:  The hooded congregation <br />Hands Across the Void:  Grim's Tale <br /> <br />This is a well researched nicely produced series.  For me one book in the series had me hooked.  If you are interested in mythology and all things magic then it is definitely worth trying out the series.  High school and middle school libraries should consider the series.
This book provides a short introductory section on cleaning buying selling etc and then write ups on different jewelry companies.  The introduction is good for people with little information about caring for jewelry:  displaying, cleaning, storing and repairing.  It is sometimes humorous, as when Rezazadeh describes the meticulous procedure he goes through to clean his jewelry and then recalls discovering that his wife cleaned her jewelry by scrubbing it with a tooth brush and then blow drying it.  There is also a bit about apraising and the supply and demand at work.  I doubt that this is a book for dealers, because they presumably already have good resources and knowledge. <br /> <br />The body of the book has short entries on different jewelry companies.  About a page is dedicated to each, but there are sometimes two to a page and sometimes four or five pages to a widely spread company.  Each company gets a short write up and photo of some jewelry pieces.  The photos are good, but obviously not full page.  They are enough to oo and ah over.  Each photo has a caption describing the jewelry and giving an estimate for price it would cost.  Companies are grouped into European and imported depending on where they were located.  There are also sections on unmarked jewelry.  These are grouped by how they are made (enamel, Austrian crystal, plastic, etc.).  Since there is no company these sections have more pictures to text. <br /> <br />If you are into vintage including jewelry then this could be a fun book.  Also if you design jewelry then the multitude of pictures here can be a good resource for ideas and inspiration.  The pictures are the highlight of this book.
Any concept that was in your grade school English text book will be here.  That concept will be concentrated into the most concise description possible and an example will be given.  There are no exercises to test you.  This book is not designed to teach you English from scratch.  It is an easy to navigate reference that has everything in it.  If you are fluent in English and can read and write alright but want to brush up, then this is the perfect book.  The descriptions are short, but they are easy to understand and give enough information. <br /> <br />The first half of the book is on grammar.  Each grammatical concept gets a few sentences to describe it and an example.  The second is on how to write better.  Once again each tip gets a short description and an example.  Walsh is not trying to teach you how to write by some method.  Instead he has points like having a unified theme for the paragraph and tips on how to emphasize a particular point you are making.  He also has samples of different types of letters.  So even though he is discussing style he is keeping the discussion very objective. <br /> <br />This is a very practical and easy to navigate book on grammar.  Now I am out of school and trying to navigate the real world, where how I present myself actually matters.  In trying to better my grammar and writing this is an excellent tool.  (Of course Walsh would be completely revolted by the grammar of this review.  I am trying to review what basically amounts to all the grammar in the entire English language here and it is not so simple.) <br /> <br />If you want practical, then this is the book for you.  School libraries should keep a copy for students to access.  Anyone who has to write regularly should be familiar with this reference. <br /> <br />(This review is for the 1946 edition, which has only 136 pages.) <br /> <br />Chapters on: <br />Sentence Completeness <br />Grammatical Usage <br />Sentence Structure <br />Mechanics <br />The Paragraph <br />The Whole Composition <br />Diction <br />and a good index
I used this textbook in an intensive Russian class I took in college.  It follows the standard textbook format:  Each chapter introduces a grammatical concept and new vocabulary.  There are a few short dialogues and several exercises to reinforce the grammar and vocabulary.  There are also exercises at the beginning to practice cursive in the cyrillic alphabet.  At the end of the book there was a grammar reference so it was easy to review and brush up on previous lessons.  It was a perfectly good textbook to use as part of a class. <br /> <br />In this case I also used the workbook and tape set.  The workbook has additional exercises for each chapter in the book.  It helped, but isn't necessary since things are covered in enough detail in the book.  The tapes were helpful for picking up on how to pronounce.  Russian pronunciation is very tricky.  Basically they contain spoken versions of the dialogues in the text and a few simple exercises.  I would just try to repeat after them to pick up on how to pronounce.  The tapes are only useful as a supplement to a class, and not to teach you Russian on your own. <br /> <br />This and Golosa Book 2 is a good textbook set to use as part of a class.  I used it in college but it would also work for highschool.  It did a pretty good job of explaining things and covered the concepts adequately.  Teachers will want to know that there is a third edition out now. <br /> <br />If you are trying to learn Russian on your own:  Don't try to use this as a tape and book set.  It isn't designed for this and unless you have superhuman amounts of natural aptitude for Russian it isn't going to work.  Instead find a good tape and book set specifically designed for studying on your own.  If used copies of the Golosa books are on sale dirt cheap then consider buying them for the exercises and to use as a grammar reference, but don't expect to learn Russian from them alone.
Regarding the fairy tales:  The Grimm brothers collected fairy tales from all over the Germanies and published the collected stories in 1812.  Historically and culturally this is very important because we have a glimpse into an oral tradition back when oral tradition was alive and well.  Many are surprised to find that the stories aren't Disney rated.  They have gore and all.    Regarding this particular release of the Grimm Fairy Tales:  The paper is bad quality.  I have the 1981 edition and the pages are already very very yellow.  The illustrations are in many different styles by four different artists.  They aren't bad, but given the presentation and the fact that they are a mixed bag they come across that way.  The translation by Margaret Hunt was originally published in 1884, and the language feels a little stale today.    This is an adequate copy of the text if you just want to read through it.  It isn't durable, it isn't archival and it isn't good quality paper or presentation.  These stories have been around long enough that they are now public domain and can be found for free in many locations online, if you just want to check out the original Grimm version of a story.  (Paper is easier on the eyes, so there is a place for a poor quality widely available edition.)  Libraries will want a more durable edition.  Yep a better quality edition is a good idea for families too.
I have mixed feelings about the illustrations in this book.  They are definitely a high light of the book.  They are brightly colored fantastic water colors that stick in my head.  What bothered me slightly is that they seem a bit disembodied.  The illustrations are mixed in with the text - with a bit of illustration and a bit of text on the same page.  Sometimes a scene is illustrated with a bit of the scene in one corner and a bit in another.  It feels like the pictures are floating.  I remember the pictures from when I was a child and I had similar feelings about them then.  The book is oversized at 13.5 x 10 inches, so you get a nice view of those fantastic dreamy illustrations. <br /> <br />The stories here are fairy tales that don't get reproduced as often.  This is a plus, because they are unlikely to be duplicates of fairy tales in your collection.  I reread them a couple of weeks ago and they were good to read as an adult.  They aren't completely polished, and so the folk tradition shows through in some.  (Some are retellings of published stories by Dickens or Hans Anderson, so not all are from an oral tradition.)  All together they are interesting and mysterious fairy tales and good to read. <br /> <br />This is a good addition to a family library.  The oversized pages and selection of stories are a plus.
This is as much a book that adults will like as a book for children.  It has very beautiful full page illustrations throughout.  These are well done with so much detail and delicate color tinting.  Notice that the dimensions of the book are huge.  This is good for the illustrations, and the bigger font text. <br /> <br />The story selection is interesting in that there are stories here from Russia as well as Europe.  I reread this a few weeks ago, while visiting my mother, and the stories were interesting for me as an adult.  The writing is simple, but not dumbed down.  I think a ten year old could read this on their own, but younger than that could read it with an adult and look at the pictures and remember stories to \\"read\\" it on their own.  Strangely I don't have clear memories of this book from when I was a child.  To a large extent fairy stories blur together in my mind.  I vaguely remember the pictures. <br /> <br />The larger size and beautiful illustrations give this book an edge over other fairy tale books.  It has something to appeal to children as well as adults, which is always good.  It would be a good addition to a family library. <br /> <br />(This review refers to the 1958 edition, but I don't think they changed anything since the dimensions and page numbers are the same.)
The plot:  Promethea is an idea - the goddess myth that changes depending on who sees her and how.  \\"If she didn't exist we would have to make her.\\"  Yes this plot is tenuous and mystic and intends to be deep.  We follow the story of college student Sophie, who is doing a term paper on the Promethea character, who reemerges in literature, pulp fiction and comics.  Strangely many of the people involved in creating the art that shows Promethea also claimed to have met her.  Sophie soon finds an idea that can enter our world (or at least her world - a very technologically advanced 1999 in which cars fly through a world of neon billboards). <br /> <br />The plot and story here were surprisingly coherent.  First of course Sophie meets Promethea and begins to understand how an idea can enter the realworld and become physically real.  Interspersed are back stories on how Promethea originally came to be and on the artists she has touched in past manifestations.   <br /> <br />The graphics:  The artistic style is  the normal comic booky style done very well.  However the layouts are spectacular.  Often there is a border surrounding the frames on a spread - and in that border part of the scene is taking place.  Almost any spread of two pages hangs together as one coherent whole.  Anyone interested in graphic design and comics should check this one out. <br /> <br />Overall Promethea was a good comic book.  The graphics were spectacular.  Even though the plot is a bit artsy and pretentious, by about half way through I was hooked.  There is enough action and \\"good parts\\" to keep things flowing well.
A bit of background:  Jacksonville was burned to the ground in 1901 in a city wide fire.  It was already a large developed city at the time, and so there was a market for large buildings immediately after the fire up through the present.  The city is not big on culture (more than a million residents and only two public museums) or any kind of preservation.  When a building changes hands it is as likely to be demolished as renovated.  Still if you know where to look it is possible to find representative buildings from each decade of the 1900's.  Locals will be floored to learn that 128 buildings constructed before the 1901 fire remain.    This book provides a short write-up of each building deemed historically important.  There is a black and white picture of the building.  The address, date of construction, architects and builders are listed for each.  Two to four buildings per page makes this cramped or action packed depending on your perspective.    Jacksonville is not big on preservation and it shows:  This book was originally compiled in 1976 to commemorate the US bicentennial.  Entries for buildings that have been demolished since then have not been removed, but have instead been marked through with a large red demolished label.  Let's just say there is a lot of red.    This is a book with a very specific audience.  Libraries in Florida and especially Jacksonville should have a copy of this or an older edition (and many do).  This is an invaluable resource to any one doing a thesis in the Jacksonville/north Florida area.    If you are into architectural history and in the area, then visiting some of the buildings in this book could be interesting.  Be careful though.  Many of these historic neighborhoods are run down crack towns.  If you are driving through a neighborhood and notice many stray dogs, plush armchairs in the front yard, and every building you pass could use a paint job and a new roof then that would be a tip off.  Be cautious in \\"Historic Springfield\\".  The city is trying to gentrify this slum area full of period wood frame houses.  Every third house is being nicely restored.  The rest are falling down and have no roofs.    PS, added August 12, 2005, not to be all Orwellian and change the actual review or anything:  In hopes that willself will read this, although I stoop to respond at all.  I just want to point out that Jacksonville's population was around 750,000 in 1990 and now in mid-2005 is approximately 1 million.  (see [...])  The city has grown in 15 years - not a big surprise, as we are not located in the Dakotas.  The two public museums I refer to are MOSH and The Museum of Contemporary Art.  Private museums come and go, but props to The Cummer on being a fabulous and permanent (or I will cry) art museum.  If public school students are going to a field trip to a museum, those are their three options.  And please take note, willself as you flame me, that I am definitly not a \\"he\\" as my about page has always clarified.  Also you might want to shake things up and review a book for a change and not a reviewer.
100 words is not a lot, so I'm assuming you'd want this book for fun and very casual use.  If you have a friend who speaks Russian and they are going to help you through this book, then it looks like it could be a fun little book to learn some simple words and spellings from.  It has some cute pictures and puzzles to reinforce the vocabulary and make it fun.    This book has one big omission:  It doesn't contain stress marks for the words.  In Russian, as in English, pronunciation is not 100 percent connected to spelling.  In a basic text book and in any educational materials, one of the letters in each word should have a small mark over it to show where the accent goes.  This way you can see how to pronounce the word.  Books published for Russians won't have the accents, because native speakers already know how to pronounce a word.  This made it difficult to find reading material when I was starting out in Russian.  I found pronouncing to be the hardest aspect of Russian, so if you want a taste of the language then just make sure that you are hearing as well as seeing the words.    If you have a friend roommate who speaks Russian and you want to learn some simple words, then this is probably a good book.  Otherwise there must be a better way to \\"taste\\" the language.
I used this textbook in the second half of an intensive Russian class I took in college.  (Used Golosa Book 1 for Russian 1.)  It follows the standard textbook format:  Each chapter introduces a grammatical concept and new vocabulary.  There are a few short dialogues and several exercises to reinforce the grammar and vocabulary.  There are also exercises at the beginning to practice cursive in the cyrillic alphabet.  At the end of the book there was a grammar reference so it was easy to review and brush up on previous lessons.  It was a perfectly good textbook to use as part of a class. <br /> <br />In this case I also used the workbook and tape set.  The workbook has additional exercises for each chapter in the book.  It helped, but isn't necessary since things are covered in enough detail in the book.  The tapes were helpful for picking up on how to pronounce words, but by Russian 2 I had gotten the pronunciation right and they weren't so useful.  Basically they contain spoken versions of the dialogues in the text and a few simple exercises.  They just supplement the text and don't add to it. <br /> <br />This and Golosa Book 1 is a good textbook set to use as part of a class.  I used it in college but it would also work for highschool.  It did a pretty good job of explaining things and covered the concepts adequately.  Teachers will want to know that there is a third edition out now. <br /> <br />If you are trying to learn Russian on your own:  If you are at the level where you can study a second year book on you own, then using these texts to review and brush up on grammar would be fine.  If you are not to a point where you can pick up a second year Russian text book and follow it then you should pick up a tape and book set designed specifically to teach you Russian on your own.
This book is a good buy with so many high quality color reproductions of art by Pre-Raphaelite artists.  The format is reproduction on the right - a short write up on the history and background of that  painting on the left, often with a similar work or a preliminary sketch reproduced much smaller and set into the text on the left hand side.  The one flaw is that sometimes the reproduction spans onto both pages, so that part of the picture lies on the fold.  This happens in maybe a third of the pictures.<br /><br />The descriptions and histories are written for the general public and use clear language.  There is also a short general history article at the beginning, but the highlight of the book is the reproductions of art.  They are very good quality and plentiful.  This is a good buy to own examples of these works.<br /><br />Artists represented in the full page prints:<br /><br />William Holman Hunt (11 works)<br /><br />John Everett Millais (10 works)<br /><br />Dante Gabriel Rossetti (18 works)<br /><br />Walter Howell Deverell (2 works)<br /><br />GF Watts (2 works)<br /><br />James Collinson (2 works)<br /><br />Frederick George Stephens (2 works)<br /><br />Ford Madox Brown (10 works)<br /><br />Thomas Woolner (1 work)<br /><br />William Morris (2 works)<br /><br />Burne-Jones (12 works)<br /><br />Alexander Munro (1 work)<br /><br />Arthur Hughes (10 works)<br /><br />Elizabeth Siddal (2 works, but not her self portrait *sniff*)<br /><br />Henry Wallis (3 works)<br /><br />William Lindsay Windus (1 work)<br /><br />Philip Hermogenes Calderon (1 work)<br /><br />John Roddam Spencer Stanhope (2 works)<br /><br />Frederick Sandys (4 works)<br /><br />Frederic Lord Leighton (3 works)<br /><br />Simeon Solomon (2 works)<br /><br />Valentine Cameron Prinsep (1 work)<br /><br />Sir Lawrence Alma-Tedema (2 works)<br /><br />Inchbold (1 work)<br /><br />Charles Edward Halle (2 works)<br /><br />Evelyn de Morgan (1 work)<br /><br />John William Waterhouse (5 works)<br /><br />Anna Lea Merrit (1 work)<br /><br />E Corbett (1 work)<br /><br />John Melhuish Strudwick (2 works)<br /><br />Eleanor Brickdale (2 works)<br /><br />Edward John Poynter (1 work)<br /><br />As you can see from the quantity this includes less frequently reproduced works as well as the famous ones.  I saw some works reproduced here that I hadn't seen elsewhere, which doesn't happen too often.  This is a really good book for high quality reproductions.  It would be appropriate for an art teacher to show to classes or a school library that needs a book on this topic.orks) <br />Edward John Poynter (1 work) <br /> <br />As you can see from the quantity this includes less frequently reproduced works as well as the famous ones.  I saw some works reproduced here that I hadn't seen elsewhere, which doesn't happen too often.  This is a really good book for high quality reproductions.  It would be appropriate for an art teacher to show to classes or a school library that needs a book on this topic.
I had to have this as reference for a college class I took.  It has 16 chapters, each with the usual new grammar concept, new vocabulary words and exercises that stress that grammar and vocab.  Each has reading passages about Germany in German and dialogues that reinforce concepts in that chapter.  It covers the basics and is a fine text book.  But here is something super super cool:  It covers all the grammar.  So you can use it for German 1 and German 2.  This makes it a good choice for college classes to teach from, and a good book to review on you own if you already know German but want to brush up. <br /> <br />One huge deficiency in this book was the lack of an appendix of grammar at the back.  Instead I had to use the index to try to find the particular item of grammar I was trying to brush up on.  This meant that I had to remember that name of the particular grammar concept that I wanted information on and then use the index.  This was not so convenient.  So if you get this text book you will also want to get a good grammar reference.  On the other hand this is a good price for a textbook, and the added price of a German grammar reference can be absorbed. <br /> <br />I recommend using this text in colleges.  I think that this book is meant to go through German 1 and 2, so this is going to appeal very much to students who will be glad to learn that they don't need a new expensive text book for German 2 next semester.  In high schools, where each textbook is checked out to a student, there isn't a big advantage to having a single comprehensive text over 2 separate texts, and it would be better to use a two textbooks = two years system with textbooks that have a good grammar reference built in as an appendix. <br /> <br />If you are learning German on you own:  This has a tape set (0395929490) and workbook (ISBN 0395909848).  I think these are designed to give you extra practice outside of class, and not to teach you German by themselves.
Tintin purchases a model ship at an antiques market.  Just after he purchases it two strangers arrive who want to buy the ship.  Tintin won't sell it to them even though they offer him ten times what he paid for it.  It is a gift for his friend Captain Haddock.  The captain is amazed to get the model ship.  He shows Tintin a painting of his ancestor, a captain.  The captain's ship is visible in the background, and is identical to the model Tintin purchased.  The secret to buried treasure is somehow hidden in the model ship, but other parties are also after it... <br /> <br />This particular Tintin book was my favorite when I was a child, mostly because of Captain Haddock.  The Captain is continually hollering fake profanities, such as, \\"Billions of blue blistering barnacles!\\"  I guess that could be a little disturbing now, since the captain acts funny because he is a raging alcoholic (trying to quit though which is a plot point, and I don't think that that is a reason to keep the book from children).  This story cuts back and forth in time as bits and pieces of Captain Haddock's family history are shown and trigger new events in the search for treasure. <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn German, Tintin comics are good for reading at a German 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.
The Aventures of Tintin in the Congo is a bit different fromother Tintin books.  Basically Tintin is on vacation in Africa to shoot animals with gun and camera.  Camera only comes into play in the last eight pages of the book when he has already shot 15 antelope, a monkey, a large snake (which was eating a man, so not really bad to kill) and an elephant.  Probably people are going to do racism to death in the other reviews.  I don't see it as much of an issue.  Most scenes show Tintin alone in the forest shooting animals, so there are no natives to portray negatively.  (If British people were in the mood to complain about Thomson and Thompson they could.)  Obviously the racism issue is why this Tintin book gets released less frequently than others. <br /> <br />The plot as previously stated has Tintin on a big game hunting vacation in the Congo.  On the boat ride over Snowy gets into scrapes with a parrot, an electric fish and a stowaway who remains undiscovered except by Snowy.  In the Congo the stowaway follows them and keeps trying to cause trouble for Tintin.  Is he still mad about Snowy or does he have deeper motives? .... <br /> <br />Read some other Tintin books before you read this one.  TIntin does do clever things for example using an electro magnet to escape danger and assuming a disguise to unmask a crime ring.  However he also does clever things like feed alkaseltzer and water to a big cat and get a snake to start swallowing its own tale.  Mostly he is just shooting animals and getting rescued by Snowy or missionaries and is basically passive.
While on a walk in the countryside Tintin sees a small plane make an emergency landing in a field.  When he approaches the pilot to offer help he is shot at.  Later he returns to investigate and follows a trail of counterfeit money to Scottland.  Tintin is suspicious about what is going on on the Black Island.  Natives say that a monster lives on the island and that those who travel there never come back.  But Tintin must investigate... <br /> <br />Snowy explores the deadly sin of gluttony in this book:  He spends the beginning of the book persistently dragging around a large bone and then a roasted chicken while Tintin scolds him.  Snowy also discovers alcohol when he finds a leaky wine container in the cargo car of a train.  Later Snowy drinks beer from a keg in a Scottish bar.  Tintin is up to his usual quality, and fans of Snowy will especially like this one.  The dog is super cute! <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn German, Tintin comics are good for reading at a German 2 level. There are many words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.
While staying with the rajah in India Tintin receives a mysterious visitor from Singapore.  The visitor has come to warn him of danger, but before he can deliver the message he is shot by a blow dart dipped in poison that makes the recipient absent minded.  As the poison takes effect he gasps out one name... \\"Mitsuhirato\\"  Tintin sets off to Singapore to find the mysterious Mitsuhirato and trouble...   <br /> <br />This is a more serious story than many in the Tintin series:  Tintin is continually crossing checkpoints lined with barbed wire, relations between Japanese Chinese and Europeans are not sugarcoated, and Tintin is even shot at one point (a flesh wound - there is a sequel after all).  This should not cause people to shy away from this book or from giving it to children.  Things are not so terrifying.  The poison used by the opium smugglers causes people to go insane instead of killing them and things end happily. <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn German, Tintin comics are good for reading at a German 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  This is a more complex story and may be better more towards the end of German 2.
On a journey to Egypt Tintin meets absentminded Egyptologist Professor Siclone.  The professor is in search of mystery.  The only clue is a symbol drawn on a piece of parchment.  Once in Egypt Tintin and Snowy follow the professor into an underground passageway marked by the symbol and find empty sarcophaguses marked with their names.  They escape and find themselves pursued by mysterious criminals.  All the while the mysterious symbol keeps turning up on stone walls, painted on trees, and on cigar labels... <br /> <br />This comic is fun because of the exotic landscapes.  Tintin travels through Egypt and India which are drawn with exotic flare.  Whenever he thinks he has entered the traditional untouched east, western civilization intrudes:  He rescues a lady from bandits only to discover that he has just spoiled a scene from an adventure movie.  He is captured by Bedouins who recognize him as a celebrity reporter and are happy to have him as a guest.  He approaches two arabs to ask directions and finds that they are in fact the Thompson and Thomson team who have donned robes to blend in.  The east meets west theme, inherent even in the mysterious cigars marked with an ancient Egyptian symbol, kept me guessing through the book. <br /> <br />The Cigars of the Pharoah maintains the quality of other books in the series.  There are jokes for children and for adults, so it is a good purchase for families and public libraries.  There are some loose ends which are tied up on part 2 of the story:  The Blue Lotus. <br /> <br />Tintin comics are good for reading at a German 2 level, if you are reading this to help learn German.  There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  This particular comic seems to have more every-day vocabulary than other Tintin books.
While on a walk in the countryside Tintin sees a small plane make an emergency landing in a field.  When he approaches the pilot to offer help he is shot at.  Later he returns to investigate and follows a trail of counterfeit money to Scottland.  Tintin is suspicious about what is going on on the Black Island.  Natives say that a monster lives on the island and that those who travel there never come back.  But Tintin must investigate... <br /> <br />Snowy explores the deadly sin of gluttony in this book:  He spends the beginning of the book persistently dragging around a large bone and then a roasted chicken while Tintin scolds him.  Snowy also discovers alcohol when he finds a leaky wine container in the cargo car of a train.  Later Snowy drinks beer from a keg in a Scottish bar.  Tintin is up to his usual quality, and fans of Snowy will especially like this one.  The dog is super cute! <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn German, Tintin comics are good for reading at a German 2 level. There are many words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.
2014 update:  Two versions of this book exist:  There is a 64 page color Tintin in the Congo, and there is also a 120 page black and white Tintin in the Congo.  As of 2014, Tintin in the Congo has gone back into print.  Also in recent years Amazon combined the pages for different versions of the book and merged them into one product page.  As of 2014, it looks like Amazon is selling the 64 page color version new.  If you buy used, it's anyone's guess which version you will get, but you can contact the seller for a page count.  I reviewed the black and white version, which was what was for sale in 2004, and I'm not changing my review.  Many older reviews are also for the black and white version.<br /><br />Original review:  This is the black and white original version of Tintin in the Congo, not the reworked color version.  Problems that people have had with this book are racism and animal cruelty issues.  In doing the color version Herge downplayed the animal cruelty and took out a bit of the racist elements.  (Some of this was expanding the comics to a wider market, but mostly it was changes Herge wanted to make since he could make them.)<br /><br />The animal cruelty is definitely a big presence in this book.  Tintin goes to the Congo on vacation to hunt big game.  In most scenes he is off in the jungle hunting.  In this black and white version he blows up a rhino with dynamite - the dynamite was removed in the color revamp.<br /><br />The racism is present in this black and white one.  Tintin gives a lesson to African school children, which he prefaces with, \\"I am going to teach you about your country Belgium.\\"  (Congo was a colony of Belgium at the time.)  In the color revamp he teaches math instead.  I have read the color version and don't see it as racist although blacks are drawn with huge lips etc as in other period comics.<br /><br />Herge redid this comic and made changes to remove elements that were offensive - offensive to himself as well as others.  Onecould argue that his making these changes was some sort of attempt to \\"cover up\\"  On the other hand he had more creative control later in his career so perhaps he thought the new version was better.  Ironically the color version is unavailable in English, but the black and white one is.  (Color version is available in Italian, French, Spanish and German - so maybe you could read that one if you are bilingual.)  The currently available color English editions reflect what Herge wanted people to read and reading one of those would be a better option.  Read this for historical interest or to see an early drawing style.  (Herge did not have formal training as an artist, so art style is interesting to consider.)  Be aware that this was updated by Herge later in his career into a milder version.
While staying with the rajah in India Tintin receives a mysterious visitor from Singapore.  The visitor has come to warn him of danger, but before he can deliver the message he is shot by a blow dart dipped in poison that makes the recipient absent minded.  As the poison takes effect he gasps out one name... \\"Mitsuhirato\\"  Tintin sets off to Singapore to find the mysterious Mitsuhirato and trouble...   <br /> <br />This is a more serious story than many in the Tintin series:  Tintin is continually crossing checkpoints lined with barbed wire, relations between Japanese Chinese and Europeans are not sugarcoated, and Tintin is even shot at one point (a flesh wound - there is a sequel after all).  This should not cause people to shy away from this book or from giving it to children.  Things are not so terrifying.  The poison used by the opium smugglers causes people to go insane instead of killing them and things end happily. <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn German, Tintin comics are good for reading at a German 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  This is a more complex story and may be better more towards the end of German 2.
On a visit to his friends the detectives Thomson and Thompson, Tintin recognizes a piece of paper torn from the label of a can.  Earlier in the day Snowy had found the can with the rest of the label attached on the street.  The label shows a picture of a red crab on a golden background and is evidence in an investigation into counterfeit money.  Written on the back is the name of the ship.  When Tintin accompanies the detectives on a visit to the ship, he is kidnapped and held in the hold as the ship leave port for an unknown destination. <br /> <br />This Tintin adventure is notable for the first appearance of Captain Haddock.  He is a major repeat character in subsequent adventures, with cries of artificial profanity like
While staying with the rajah in India Tintin receives a mysterious visitor from Singapore.  The visitor has come to warn him of danger, but before he can deliver the message he is shot by a blow dart dipped in poison that makes the recipient absent minded.  As the poison takes effect he gasps out one name... \\"Mitsuhirato\\"  Tintin sets off to Singapore to find the mysterious Mitsuhirato and trouble...   <br /> <br />This is a more serious story than many in the Tintin series:  Tintin is continually crossing checkpoints lined with barbed wire, relations between Japanese Chinese and Europeans are not sugarcoated, and Tintin is even shot at one point (a flesh wound - there is a sequel after all).  This should not cause people to shy away from this book or from giving it to children.  Things are not so terrifying.  The poison used by the opium smugglers causes people to go insane instead of killing them and things end happily. <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn German, Tintin comics are good for reading at a German 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  This is a more complex story and may be better more towards the end of German 2.
The plot:  Mr Norrell is fixated on getting a monopoly on magic.  His goal is to convince others not to study magic, in case they actually learn to do magic, and to buy up all books about magic so that he is the only magician around.  Oh yes and he is a real magician.  Jonathan Strange is an aimless bachelor who takes up magic to impress a girl.  Jonathan has a natural aptitude for magic, while Mr Norrell is very rational and bookish even though he is a very powerful wizard.  Their paths cross when Mr Norrell agrees to tutor Jonathan.  But remember, Mr Norrell is dedicated to being top dog.  Obviously he will take Jonathan down a notch when the time comes.    Much much more happens all through the story - hence the long long reviews here.  Subplots run in and out of the world of fairy and through military politics in England.  It is easy to follow as you read but a lot happens.    This is a bestseller that someone might care to read in a few years - in other words it is well written and entertaining not just coincidentally the next big thing..  I recommend reading this and think that it would appeal to almost anyone.  Almost any chapter can stand alone as a separate short story.  If you want to be cautious then read the first chapter to get a taste of the book.
The previous installment of this story, The Seven Crystal Balls, left Tintin ad Captain Haddock in pursuit of kidnappers on a ship bound for Peru.  In Peru Tintin catches a brief glimpse of the professor but is unable to rescue him.  He and the captain continue the investigation.  Local Indians are uncooperative, until Tintin rescues a local boy and finds sympathetic people who point him toward an Incan curse... <br /> <br />This comic is very much the second half of a mystery.  Unless you have read The Seven Crystal Balls first you are likely to miss some major plot points.  So read that and this together.  In Peru the Captain has ongoing problems with lamas.  These pack animals spit when upset and find the captain very unsettling.  Jungle shots and scenes set in an Incan temple mean that the drawings here are very exotic and colorful.  This is a good action and humor filled adventure story, although the last few pages are perhaps a bit abrupt (4 pages for the Tintin world to return to normal come after 120+pages of increasingly complex mystery). <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn French, Tintin comics are good for reading at a French 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  Watching the video can help with pronouncing as you hear the characters speak French.  However this is a two part mystery and you are going to be reading two books, so if this is overload then try another Tintin comic instead.  Also be aware that the professor is unaware of his surroundings.  The things he says make no sense - thats the joke.  He is a minor character so as long as you know this you should be able to follow the plot OK.
Tintin and Captain Haddock go to a psychic show.  There an Indian fakir puts his assistant into a trance.  She forsees a mysterious illness striking a photographer on a recent expedition to recover Incan artifacts.  One by one the researchers on the expedition fall into mysterious comas.  Near each lies a shattered crystal ball... <br /> <br />For some comic relief here Captain Haddock tries hard to be oh so proper (he has recently aquired his ancestral estate and title).  He is fixated on wearing a monocle at all times.  This is an involved mystery with many clever bits of detective work and technology used by the characters. This particular book is definitely the first of two parts and doesn't stand alone.  At the end of this one Tintin and the Captain are off in pursuit of a potential villain.  But we still don't know what was in the crystal balls or how it connects to the Incan curse, and a major character has been kidnapped and not reunited with the heros.  So you will have to read Prisoners of the Sun to not be left hanging after this one. <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn Spanish, Tintin comics are good for reading at a Spanish 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  However this is a two part mystery and you are going to be reading two books, so if this is overload then try another Tintin comic instead.
The previous installment of this story, The Seven Crystal Balls, left Tintin ad Captain Haddock in pursuit of kidnappers on a ship bound for Peru.  In Peru Tintin catches a brief glimpse of the professor but is unable to rescue him.  He and the captain continue the investigation.  Local Indians are uncooperative, until Tintin rescues a local boy and finds sympathetic people who point him toward an Incan curse... <br /> <br />This comic is very much the second half of a mystery.  Unless you have read The Seven Crystal Balls first you are likely to miss some major plot points.  So read that and this together.  In Peru the Captain has ongoing problems with lamas.  These pack animals spit when upset and find the captain very unsettling.  Jungle shots and scenes set in an Incan temple mean that the drawings here are very exotic and colorful.  This is a good action and humor filled adventure story, although the last few pages are perhaps a bit abrupt (4 pages for the Tintin world to return to normal come after 120+pages of increasingly complex mystery). <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn Spanish, Tintin comics are good for reading at a Spanish 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  However this is a two part mystery and you are going to be reading two books, so if this is overload then try another Tintin comic instead.  Also be aware that the professor is unaware of his surroundings.  The things he says make no sense - thats the joke.  He is a minor character so as long as you know this you should be able to follow the plot OK.
Tintin and Captain Haddock go to a psychic show.  There an Indian fakir puts his assistant into a trance.  She forsees a mysterious illness striking a photographer on a recent expedition to recover Incan artifacts.  One by one the researchers on the expedition fall into mysterious comas.  Near each lies a shattered crystal ball... <br /> <br />For some comic relief here Captain Haddock tries hard to be oh so proper (he has recently aquired his ancestral estate and title).  He is fixated on wearing a monocle at all times.  This is an involved mystery with many clever bits of detective work and technology used by the characters. This particular book is definitely the first of two parts and doesn't stand alone.  At the end of this one Tintin and the Captain are off in pursuit of a potential villain.  But we still don't know what was in the crystal balls or how it connects to the Incan curse, and a major character has been kidnapped and not reunited with the heros.  So you will have to read Prisoners of the Sun to not be left hanging after this one.
Tintin and Captain Haddock go to a psychic show.  There an Indian fakir puts his assistant into a trance.  She forsees a mysterious illness striking a photographer on a recent expedition to recover Incan artifacts.  One by one the researchers on the expedition fall into mysterious comas.  Near each lies a shattered crystal ball... <br /> <br />For some comic relief here Captain Haddock tries hard to be oh so proper (he has recently aquired his ancestral estate and title).  He is fixated on wearing a monocle at all times.  This is an involved mystery with many clever bits of detective work and technology used by the characters. This particular book is definitely the first of two parts and doesn't stand alone.  At the end of this one Tintin and the Captain are off in pursuit of a potential villain.  But we still don't know what was in the crystal balls or how it connects to the Incan curse, and a major character has been kidnapped and not reunited with the heros.  So you will have to read Prisoners of the Sun to not be left hanging after this one.
Tintin and Captain Haddock go to a psychic show.  There an Indian fakir puts his assistant into a trance.  She forsees a mysterious illness striking a photographer on a recent expedition to recover Incan artifacts.  One by one the researchers on the expedition fall into mysterious comas.  Near each lies a shattered crystal ball... <br /> <br />For some comic relief here Captain Haddock tries hard to be oh so proper (he has recently aquired his ancestral estate and title).  He is fixated on wearing a monocle at all times.  This is an involved mystery with many clever bits of detective work and technology used by the characters. This particular book is definitely the first of two parts and doesn't stand alone.  At the end of this one Tintin and the Captain are off in pursuit of a potential villain.  But we still don't know what was in the crystal balls or how it connects to the Incan curse, and a major character has been kidnapped and not reunited with the heros.  So you will have to read Prisoners of the Sun to not be left hanging after this one. <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn French, Tintin comics are good for reading at a French 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  The video can help with pronouncing as you hear the spoken French.  However this is a two part mystery and you are going to be reading two books, so if this is overload then try another Tintin comic instead.
Tintin is the best comic ever and here you have three of his adventures together: <br /> <br />Red Rackham's Treasure - In the previous volume Tintin and Captain Haddock put together a 200 year old mystery left by Haddock's ancestor, Sir Francis Haddock.  Now they are off to recover Red Rackham's Treasure.  But Max Bird, the antiques dealer turned criminal, has escaped from prison.  Will he make an appearance? <br /> <br />The Seven Crystal Balls - Tintin and Captain Haddock go to a psychic show.  There an Indian fakir puts his assistant into a trance.  She forsees a mysterious illness striking a photographer on a recent expedition to recover Incan artifacts.  One by one the researchers on the expedition fall into mysterious comas.  Near each lies a shattered crystal ball... <br /> <br />Prisoners of the Sun - The previous installment of this story, The Seven Crystal Balls, left Tintin ad Captain Haddock in pursuit of kidnappers on a ship bound for Peru.  In Peru Tintin catches a brief glimpse of the professor but is unable to rescue him.  He and the captain continue the investigation.  Local Indians are uncooperative, until Tintin rescues a local boy and finds sympathetic people who point him toward an Incan curse... <br /> <br />These are all good stories and have jokes for adults as well as children.  Additionally The Seven Crystal Balls and Prisoners of the Sun constitute a single longer story and have to be read together to know what is going on in each.  So if you buy one then you will want to buy the other with it anyway.  Be aware that these are printed on smaller size paper than the separately bound stories, which is more economical but makes them harder to read and doesn't do the graphics justice.  This is an economic edition for families, but invest in the larger separately bound stories if possible.
This book provides five short stories, with English and German versions provided side-by-side:  German on the left hand side, English on the right.  This can definitely save time with a dictionary (but can also be a crutch - so watch out and discipline yourself).  The stories are listed in the product description. <br /> <br />I'm assuming that you will be reading this to help study German.  After about two years of a language you should be able to read a book on your own (slowly but surely).  But many books will still be too complex.  These are borderline.  The stories here are at a level that could be read during a German 3 class, or between classes to maintain and build skills.  I don't recommend this book during a German 1 or 2 class.  Instead try Graded German Reader by Cossgrove during German 1.  (It is expensive, but is very good if you know almost no German.)  At a German 2 level move onto comic books like Tintin and Asterix, which have more complex grammar but use pictures to reinforce.  Oh and by the way try replacing .com with .de on large websites for the German version.  (This works on Amazon!)  Especially look for fashion pages and \\"light\\" reading.  You can understand more than you think! <br /> <br />Basically if you can already read moderately complex German then this is an economic book to read through.  If you can't already pick up a book and read through it then this is not for you.  However to get a book at your level ask advice from a German instructor.  Chances are they will have had to study German, including literature, in college and will be familiar with the authors here.  They can recommend authors to you and tell you if this is over your level.  This is a book that you will never \\"outgrow\\", which means you have to be pretty skilled already to read it. <br /> <br />(And if you are German and trying to learn English, then you should be fine.  Afterall you read this review;-)
I bought this because it was the most likely candidate from the five available in the Greyhound bus terminal.  So I wasn't expecting much.  I was pleasantly surprised. <br /> <br />Basically the book goes through the song Jesus Loves Me line by line.  Miller describes what that line means to him in his life and gives lessons from the lives of others who he has met in his 35+ years as a pastor.  He also gives quotes from famous christians and exerpts from christian literature that relate to what he is saying.  It is easy to read and the stories are nice in terms of showing real world examples of people who went through trials becuase Jesus sustained them.  At the end of each chapter are questions to ask about your life. <br /> <br />As you probably guessed the chapter bodies don't have much scripture in them.  But this gets me to what I found to be the highlight of the book.  At the end of each chapter Miller includes a \\"Conversation with God\\"  In these two page conversations Miller speaks in italics and a scripture verse replies to his concern.  Here scriptures that build on one another helped to calm the speaker and counter fears. <br /> <br />This book is easy to read and any christian can get something out of it.  If you are looking for a christian book (that isn't the bible) and you happen to see this then it is worth checking out.
The Confusion follows two separate plots:  that of the galley slave turned pirate Jack Shaftoe, and that of the off-and-on fabolously rich French noblewoman Eliza.  As Stephenson leaves one plot to cover the next he leaves a cliffhanger, so you have to keep reading through the other plot to get back to the first and find out what happens.  This isn't annoying or obvious since both novels are good and they tie in with each other - both are taking place simultaneously and Jack and Eliza have history together. <br /> <br />I eagerly read the prequel to this book, Ouicksilver, when it came out only to be bored and disillusioned.  The earlier book drags, and in a 600+ page book, thats bad.  This is the biggest flaw of The Confusion:  I am not sure if someone could read The Confusion and know what was going on without first having read Quicksilver.  The plot is pretty complex and I had read the setup.  I think skipping Quicksilver could be done, but wouldn't be best for someone trying to read and enjoy. <br /> <br />The Confusion is an excellent historical science fiction novel.  It is a very awesome book.  However the previous book in the trilogy drags and would likely have to be read first.  So there is a good book here, but you have to get to it via some route or other.
In the previous volume Tintin and Captain Haddock put together a 200 year old mystery left by Haddock's ancestor, Sir Francis Haddock.  Now they are off to recover Red Rackham's Treasure.  But Max Bird, the antiques dealer turned criminal, has escaped from prison.  Will he make an appearance? <br /> <br />This was my favorite book when I was younger and Captain Haddock was my favorite character.  This is a little disturbing because the captain is an alcoholic.  At least he gets liver disease in this one, so it isn't totally glamorized.  This is still a great comic to read as an adult.  There is slapstick for kids, but also much more complex humor for adults.  Even though this is the followup to The Secret of the Unicorn and builds from that plot, Red Rackham's Treasure makes sense and holds together read by itself.  If you are going to get just one Tintin book it should be this (my favorite) or The Blue Lotus (very good for history so many prefer it).
I like most rooks by Rider Haggard, and so I read this one.  Mahatma and the Hare is well written, but is very vague and nebulous due to the occult subject matter.  Basically it describes a series of travels which the narrator has made on the \\"great white road\\" and conversations with a hare he met there.  The hare speaks in great detail about the cruelty inherent in hunting.  The Mahatma referred to in the title is Jorsen, an occultist who once convinced the narrator not to commit suicide, and who then showed him how to reach the \\"great white road\\". <br /> <br />The illustrations are OK.  They are black and white - nice graphic design.  Still this is no Aubrey Beardsley.  If you want the book it is for the text, and unless you already know of some very specific reason for wanting this book you are likely to be disappointed as I was.   <br /> <br />Gutenburg Project has this book available for downloading for free:  [...]  I recommend reading through the first few chapters there to see if this is a book that you will like or not, before purchasing.
Ahh yes cussing.  So vulgar... and yet so delicate.  The nuances can thwart a student of the language of romanticism.  For example did you know that \\"Fic dir\\" has only the literal meaning to the average German citizen, who is likely to reply with, \\"Danke bitte\\" or a confused stare.  Scheiss is in fact literal, and offensive in any language, but many insults are going to have to be run by a native speaker if you would like to truly offend in German. <br /> <br />This book is about much more than insults.  It is a parody of a phrase book and not an actual phrase book (if you didn't catch on yet).  The phrases included are there for humor, and look accurate (but I'm not a native speaker).  It has sections on pick-up lines, waiting in lines and other situations not dealt with in a basic German text book.  Mostly the cusses are what you want to study.  \\"Was zum Teufel?\\" is right.  \\"Was der Hoehle?\\" is only literal.  I was serious about those nuances. <br /> <br />If you already know some German, but want to hone your skills, then this could help.  This is also a good gag-gift for a German student.  And it might prove useful later.
The New War was interesting to read.  It mostly deals with drug cartels and how they have become more global and are becoming more like international corporations.  Most of the reviews here go from the perspective that this book is about terrorism, probably because terrorism is the big thing now.  The book is not about terrorism.  It is about trends in global organized crime with a heavy heavy emphasis on the drug trade.  After all the war on drugs was the big thing when this book was written.    According to Kerry there are five major groups which are the big players in crime.  These are the Italian Mafia, the Russian Mafia, the yakuza, Chinese triads and Colombian drug cartels.  From this assessment you can probably see that this book is a bit dated.  Kerry describes each of these organizations and how it is adapting.  Basically the trend is toward a more corporate structure:  money and not ideology is the motivator and drug cartels are run like businesses and in conjunction with legitimate businesses.  Kerry devotes a single chapter exclusively to terrorism.  The issues he addresses, such as what may have happened to the USSR's nukes, are still significant but once again I feel that they were generally viewed as problems back in 1997, so the chapter feels dated.  Today our concerns about terrorism have moved on due to the World Trade Center bombings.    In discussions of the changing face of international crime I didn't find much to scare me.  Kerry points out campaign contributions given by drug cartels to political leaders in Colombia.  As he points out these cartels also run legitimate businesses, so things are at least veiled.  In the US private campaign contributions are influencing laws.  Does anyone doubt this?  As Kerry points out the desire to be seen as legitimate means that violent thugs are obsolete in the new international crime business model.  Blood is out.  Bribes are in.  I'm having trouble sorting out crime syndicates from lobbyists here.  Theykind of go on the same continuum.  As crime syndicates become more business like they are harder to differentiate from businesses.    More relevant is the connection between drug trade and finance for other branches of international crime.  Drugs are good money and that money can be used to fund idealistic terrorist groups.  The New War might be a good starting point for exploring this connection with its sections on money laundering and examples of not so kosher economic models.    The major major problem with The New War:  Evidence to back up Kerry's views is based on specific examples and usually not based on collected statistics or figures.  For example he will say this much was taken in one large drug bust in 1996 but he won't back up the dramatic example with figures on total drugs seized over the years to show a trend.  This is pretty frustrating for me because statistics would put things in perspective.  For example in a discussion of Chinese drug cartels it seems that certain advantages, like common language that outsiders can't penetrate and having little Chinese communities in different cities all over the world, would have existed and more so in the past prior to Chinese language programs in colleges and in the time of San Francisco's China Town (when every big city had a China Town and Chinese were really segregated out by law).  I doubt that Chinese triads were less of a problem 100 years ago, although maybe we didn't pay as much attention to it since opium addicts and those killed in bad business deals would have tended to be Chinese and so second class.    The way things are presented Kerry could find stories to illustrate either side of an issue, so most of how he is presenting ideas makes his points unconvincing.    I don't recommend The New War, because it doesn't go anywhere.  Stories about exotic mob killings may be interesting to read, but so are many books and novels.  It would be better to find a book about international crime that backed upwhat it was saying with statistics as well as anecdotal evidence.  If you are looking for a better understanding of terrorism, it would be better to find a book written more recently because trends in terrorism have changed as has our concern with it.
Fact that reads like fiction is my favorite genre - and this book is it:  pet elephants in London apartments, exhumed beauties, a long married virgin and of course plenty of sex and drugs.  Daly gives biographies of the artists with emphasis on their love lives and how that tied in with their paintings (the women discussed modeled for them even if they weren't models in general).  Artists covered:  Dante Gabriel Rossetti, John Millais, William Holman Hunt, William Morris and Edward Burne-Jones.  Each is given a biography with many reproductions of art works, and much much focus on the woman or women they loved. <br /> <br />Although the book focuses on aspects of the artists lives which might tend toward lurid rather than serious, the stories interweave seemlessly with the paintings, so this book is anything but soft.  For example Elizbeth Siddal became ill while poseing for Millais' Ophellia.  She posed floating in a bathtub full of water while he depicted the famous drowning victim.  She was Rossetti's favorite model and girl and the recuring illness influenced both their lives.  He often painted her as Beatrice and in his mind saw him and her as playing out the doomed story of Dante and Beatrice.   <br /> <br />The biographies of each artist were constantly reinforced and tied to art works.  Reproductions of art were small but good quality.  There were examples of sketches and the single painting by Siddal, a self portrait.  This is particularily interesting because she depicted herself as serious and severe while these famous artists depicted her as the epitome of beauty. <br /> <br />This is very readable and gave me more appreciation for the stories behind these paintings.  I recommend reading this if it sounds at all interesting to you.  Libraries should archive a copy because this is excellent art history with more emphasis on women than usual, and because the painting and sketches by Elizabeth Siddal are very rarely reproduced.  There is also a good discussion of the founding and early history of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood and some detail about the childhoods of each artist.
All this book is is ten old LSAT tests and answer keys.  There is a short description of the test at the begining of the book, but no study materials other than the tests and keys.  And no explanations of why answers are correct.  If you have looked at a sample LSAT test then you already know that learning facts is not going to help.  The test mostly goes on logic and uses puzzles and short questions to test your logic.  There is also a reading comprehension section.  So studying isn't a big issue because there is nothing to memorize.  However taking practice tests will familiarize you with the test and reaquaint you with the standardized test not seen since highschool.   So this is an excellent way to prepare for the LSAT. <br /> <br />I recommend getting one of these packages of ten LSAT tests or a triple pack.  I have looked through other study books at the bookstore and I don't feel that they are that helpful:  Practice tests tend to be dumbed down compared to old LSATs and the study strategies laid out in the books I looked through were not that profound.  In terms of having an explanation of why an answer is correct it may be better to just look at the question and the correct answer and figure it out for yourself.  This way you are thinking through things as you will when you are actually taking the test.  (If you want explanations of answers then LSAC also puts out triple preps, in which some of the answers are explained.  The cost per test for the triple preps is comparable here.) <br /> <br />Basically here you are getting 10 old LSATS and answer keys.  There are also two other similar books (10 Actual Official LSATS and 10 More Actual, Official LSATs).  Out of the three this one (Next 10 Actual, Official LSATS) is most recent, so if you are only getting one then get this one.
The plot follows Petrie, a doctor who has dealt with Fu Manchu before.  After a mysterious death he is contacted by inspector Nayland Smith, who warns him that Fu Manchu is about.  Together they investigate and try to prevent a string of exotic murders  The Return of Dr Fu Manchu was written as a serial and it feels that way.  The driving force in the story is wierd twisted things that Fu Manchu does to kill people.  The characters and plot, which doesn't say much about Fu Manchu's ultimate motives, are just ways of describing this or that exotic death and how it was pulled off.  As a serial this would work because the murder happened - cliffhanger.  Then in the next installment the murder would be solved.  As a novel it didn't work for me because it is so homogenous. <br /> <br />I had heard prior to reading this that Fu Manchu is sooo racist, but I hadn't taken it seriously because so much gets labeled racist by the PC people that I tend to ignore it.  Having read this I do think the novel is racist.  Fu Manchu's lack of motive is a major point.  Basically he goes around killing people with exotic animals, and Smith and Petrie's only explanation for his actions are that he is a, \\"yellow devil bent on the destruction of the white race\\"  So that was a little blatant for me. <br /> <br />I didn't like this novel because it was built around the gimics that Fu Manchu uses to murder his victims.  Character driven is a term I would never ever apply to this book.  Fans of Sax Rohmer will want to read this because they know the style and will like it.  Fans of the adventure genre should move along.
Dreamers of the Decadence covers art from Pre-Rapaelite to the begginings of Art Nouveau.  It isn't that broad a topic, but that seems to be the time span.  Basically Jullian was trying to define a trend in art at the time - The Decadence.  One of the trends that he saw in art that he was dealing with was the interest in magic and arcane subjects.  So subject matter was important to his definition of Decadence. <br /> <br />I do recommend looking up this book and skimming it, just to find new art to admire.  I found several paintings that I hadn't seen before and went on to find more about the artists and more by them.  However, the reproductions in the book are mostly there to give you the gist of what Jullian was saying in the text.  Many of them are small black and white reproductions that take up half of an already not too big page.  The color reproductions are adquate, but not the best quality.  (Please don't take this as negative.  This book was published in the 1970's when Pre-Raphaelite art was not getting respect.  So just to have it published was a very good thing for the artists, and shows progressive thinking on the part of Jullian.)  Subsequent books on the topic, and probably influenced by this one have more bigger and better visuals. <br /> <br />If you are interested in this book because you are curious about art, then I recommend inter-library loan.  If you are just curious about the art you can go through this book in about a week, then later find good quality pics of what you liked.  If you know you will want to read and study the writing then buy it.  The art criticism is the focus of the book and its main use.  University libraries should have a copy archived for researchers to access.
To assess this book, I read through the sections on places I have lived:  Colorado, Florida and Georgia.  What Schultz said about specific locations was accurate enough that someone could read the description and tell if that particular destination was their thing or not.  I guess this might be good to flip through and pick random spots out of as potential vacation destinations, then if something sounds interesting find more info specific to that.  The places listed tended to mention touristy places, but regional tourism and not just national, which is good.<br /><br />The selection of places was fairly arbitrary.  For example 3 of the 4 selections for Georgia were in Savannah.  So there really could have been just two entries for Georgia and the same info would be covered.  The selections were all things that a person who was disabled or not as active could do, which was good.  Maybe for that reason the destinations were very much slanted towards city and not country.  Most of the Florida entries were historic hotels and other buildings, so when other reviews complain about hotels being the focus of the book, they are complaining because THE HOTEL IS THE DESTINATION.  I have lived in Florida for more than 20 years, and I wouldn't go to half those places when I can camp in the everglades, go to the beach or hang out with friends near picturesque farmland.<br /><br />Basically the book is a list of 1000 places with a short description of the place and occasionally a poor quality black and white photo of a destination.  1000 postcards would be about as helpful.  It is an OK coffee table book.  Three stars because the selection of spots and the flavor of the writing was so so, but it might be OK to flip through once or twice.
As a highschooler I used to mock this 70's cookbook, which among other things explains how to boil a cup of water in a microwave, not to microwave metal and informs you that you should never microwave with the door open.  Apparently microwaves were a new appliance so they had to break everything down.  However when crunch time came and I had to cook, having never used an oven and not being totally comfortable with anything other than a microwave, I turned to Adventures in Microwave Cooking. <br /> <br />This is the best book for cooking if you don't have an oven or are living on your own and are making small amounts of food such that it would be a waste of energy to heat an oven up.  It has a table with cooking times for various vegetables that includes more unusual vegetables.  I have used this as a reference for steaming artichokes and other less common vegetables.  There are also a number of complete recipes for various dishes.  What makes these recipes so awesome is that they are from scratch.  There are many entrees, sauces, soups and sides.  I have even baked bread in the microwave from scratch using a recipe from this cookbook, and it turned out great.  When this was written convenience foods were less common, hence the from scratch recipes. <br /> <br />I always obsessively check that I have this book when I move.  I would not sell it for obscene amounts of money.  It is so practical to have a good from scratch microwave cookbook.  My advice is to try to find this or another mid-70's microwave cookbooks at thrift stores.  This one is three ring binder bound pages about 6x10 inches.  Buy on sight at Goodwill or here.
This refers to the 1977 edition also published by Mongomery Ward, but editted by Dianne Young.  I believe that this cookbook is an expanded later edition as title and publisher are the same.  However this one has significantly more pages than mine. <br /> <br />As a highschooler I used to mock this 70's cookbook, which among other things explains how to boil a cup of water in a microwave, not to microwave metal and informs you that you should never microwave with the door open.  Apparently microwaves were a new appliance so they had to break everything down.  However when crunch time came and I had to cook, having never used an oven and not being totally comfortable with anything other than a microwave, I turned to Adventures in Microwave Cooking. <br /> <br />This is the best book for cooking if you don't have an oven or are living on your own and are making small amounts of food such that it would be a waste of energy to heat an oven up.  It has a table with cooking times for various vegetables that includes more unusual vegetables.  I have used this as a reference for steaming artichokes and other less common vegetables.  There are also a number of complete recipes for various dishes.  What makes these recipes so awesome is that they are from scratch.  There are many entrees, sauces, soups and sides.  When this was written convenience foods were less common, hence the from scratch recipes. <br /> <br />It is so practical to have a good from scratch microwave cookbook.  My advice is to try to find mid-70's microwave cookbooks at thrift stores.
On a visit to his friends the detectives Thomson and Thompson, Tintin recognizes a piece of paper torn from the label of a can.  Earlier in the day Snowy had found the can with the rest of the label attached on the street.  The label shows a picture of a red crab on a golden background and is evidence in an investigation into counterfeit money.  Written on the back is the name of the ship.  When Tintin accompanies the detectives on a visit to the ship, he is kidnapped and held in the hold as the ship leave port for an unknown destination. <br /> <br />This Tintin adventure is notable for the first appearance of Captain Haddock.  He is a major repeat character in subsequent adventures, with cries of artificial profanity like \\"blistering barnacles\\".  This book, unlike previous books in the series, has four pages in which a single frame fills a page, each showing a particularly dramatic or humorous moment in the story. <br /> <br />If you are reading this to help learn German, Tintin comics are good for reading at a German 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  This particular one isn't so good for studying because the captain, a major character, spends most of this one drunk and speaking with a severe stutter.
I am not a native speaker of German.  I got this bible to try to read through and maybe to memorize some scriptures out of, but always using mainly my English bible.  This review is over the Gute Nachicht translation only and not the bible. <br /> <br />The translation here is plain language, and fairly easy to read (as far as German goes for me anyway ;-).  It is a figurative and not literal translation, so it might not be so hot for memorizing scripture out of.  This isn't a drawback though if you are using an English bible also, because you will have the two translations to compare.  Overall it is a good translation that is also easy to read and find scriptures in to share with others. <br /> <br />All in all this is a good bible for a non-native speaker of German.
I am not a native speaker of German.  I got this bible to try to read through and maybe to memorize some scriptures out of, but always using mainly my English bible.  This review is over the Gute Nachicht translation only and not the bible. <br /> <br />The translation here is plain language, and fairly easy to read (as far as German goes for me anyway ;-).  It is a figurative and not literal translation, so it might not be so hot for memorizing scripture out of.  This isn't a drawback though if you are using an English bible also, because you will have the two translations to compare.  Overall it is a good translation that is also easy to read and find scriptures in to share with others. <br /> <br />All in all this is a good bible for a non-native speaker of German.
Tintin is the best comic ever and here you have three of his adventures together.  The first of these introduces the captain who becomes a regularly appearing character in the series.  He was my favorite character when I was a child, so this may be a good selection if you are new to the series: <br /> <br />The Crab with the Golden Claws - On a visit to his friends the detectives Thomson and Thompson, Tintin recognizes a piece of paper torn from the label of a can.  Earlier in the day Snowy had found the can with the rest of the label attached on the street.  The label shows a picture of a red crab on a golden background and is evidence in an investigation into counterfeit money.  Written on the back is the name of the ship.  When Tintin accompanies the detectives on a visit to the ship, he is kidnapped and held in the hold as the ship leave port for an unknown destination... <br /> <br />The Shooting Star - One night a star appears to get larger and larger and a strange heat wave strikes.  Tintin goes to the observatory to inquire, where he finds that the falling star, a meteor, will soon strike earth and cause the end of the world.  The meteor strikes but earth is still OK, and so a scientific expedition is launched to find and study the meteor.  What will they find? <br /> <br />The Secret of the Unicorn - Tintin purchases a model ship at an antiques market.  Just after he purchases it two strangers arrive who want to buy the ship.  Tintin won't sell it to them even though they offer him ten times what he paid for it.  It is a gift for his friend Captain Haddock.  The captain is amazed to get the model ship.  He shows Tintin a painting of his ancestor, a captain.  The captain's ship is visible in the background, and is identical to the model Tintin purchased.  The secret to buried treasure is hidden in the model ship, but other parties are also after it... <br /> <br />These are all good stories and have jokes for adults as well as children.  They are printed onsmaller size paper than the separately bound stories, which is more economical but makes them harder to read and doesn't do the graphics justice.  This is an economic edition for families, but libraries should invest in the larger separately bound stories.
I am not a native speaker of German.  I got this bible to try to read through and maybe to memorize some scriptures out of, but always using mainly my English bible.  This review is over the Gute Nachicht translation only and not the bible. <br /> <br />The translation here is plain language, and fairly easy to read (as far as German goes for me anyway ;-).  It is a figurative and not literal translation, so it might not be so hot for memorizing scripture out of.  This isn't a drawback though if you are using an English bible also, because you will have the two translations to compare.  Overall it is a good translation that is also easy to read and find scriptures in to share with others. <br /> <br />All in all this is a good bible for a non-native speaker of German.
The Harry Potter books tell the story of young Harry Potter, a neglected English boy who finds out that he is elidgeable to go to a school for wizards.  Unless you have been hiding under a bridge gnawing the bones of something or other you probably knew that. <br /> <br />These books are about two things:  magic and the experience of boarding school.  The world of magic allows Harry and his friends to do totally cool things like change the color of things and  Magical photos are like short movies that play in the picture - people wave and the winning score in a sports game is repeated as you watch.  Obviously that is cool.  These books are also about the school and being away from home and its inherent restrictions.  The future magicians attend Hogwarts School and stay on the grounds in dorms for their age and House, or group within the school.  Pranks, shenanigans and sneaking out after curfew to perform magic and solve mysteries ensue. <br /> <br />These elements appeal to adults as well as children, so the books are good for most ages.  Book 4 is significantly longer than books 1 - 3 and gets very dark especially towards the end when one of the kids is killed (not one of the three main characters).  So with book 4 and 5 it is a good idea to screen the books before you give them to a child, and to read with them so you can talk about it.  Books 1 - 3 are good and shouldn't be too scary for kids.  And like I said earlier they are good for adults too.
Tintin purchases a model ship at an antiques market.  Just after he purchases it two strangers arrive who want to buy the ship.  Tintin won't sell it to them even though they offer him ten times what he paid for it.  It is a gift for his friend Captain Haddock.  The captain is amazed to get the model ship.  He shows Tintin a painting of his ancestor, a captain.  The captain's ship is visible in the background, and is identical to the model Tintin purchased.  The secret to buried treasure is somehow hidden in the model ship, but other parties are also after it... <br /> <br />This particular Tintin book was my favorite when I was a child, mostly because of Captain Haddock.  The Captain is continually hollering fake profanities, such as, \\"Billions of blue blistering barnacles!\\"  I guess that could be a little disturbing now, since the captain acts funny because he is a raging alcoholic (trying to quit though which is a plot point, and I don't think that that is a reason to keep the book from children).  This story cuts back and forth in time as bits and pieces of Captain Haddock's family history are shown and trigger new events in the search for treasure.
On a visit to his friends the detectives Thomson and Thompson, Tintin recognizes a piece of paper torn from the label of a can.  Earlier in the day Snowy had found the can with the rest of the label attached on the street.  The label shows a picture of a red crab on a golden background and is evidence in an investigation into counterfeit money.  Written on the back is the name of the ship.  When Tintin accompanies the detectives on a visit to the ship, he is kidnapped and held in the hold as the ship leave port for an unknown destination.<br /><br />This Tintin adventure is notable for the first appearance of Captain Haddock.  He is a major repeat character in subsequent adventures, with cries of artificial profanity like \\"blistering barnacles\\".  This book, unlike previous books in the series, has four pages in which a single frame fills a page, each showing a particularly dramatic or humorous moment in the story.<br /><br />If you are reading this to help learn French, Tintin comics are good for reading at a French 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  The video can help in picking up pronounciation, but must be weighed against the extra cost and the potential to buy multiple comic books instead.  This particular one isn't so good for studying because the captain, a major character, spends most of this one drunk and speaking with a severe stutter.
I am not a native speaker of German.  I got this bible to try to read through and maybe to memorize some scriptures out of, but always using mainly my English bible.  This review is over the Gute Nachicht translation only and not the bible. <br /> <br />The translation here is plain language, and fairly easy to read (as far as German goes for me anyway ;-).  It is a figurative and not literal translation, so it might not be so hot for memorizing scripture out of.  This isn't a drawback though if you are using an English bible also, because you will have the two translations to compare.  Overall it is a good translation that is also easy to read and find scriptures in to share with others. <br /> <br />All in all this is a good bible for a non-native speaker of German.
I am not a native speaker of German.  I got this bible to try to read through and maybe to memorize some scriptures out of, but always using mainly my English bible. <br /> <br />The translation here is plain language, and fairly easy to read (as far as German goes for me anyway ;-).  It is a figurative and not literal translation, so it might not be so hot for memorizing scripture out of.  This isn't a drawback though if you are using an English bible also, because you will recognize any alterations that have been made to bring things up to date.  Overall it is a good translation that is also easy to read and find scriptures in to share with others. <br /> <br />The special study sections here are nice.  They include a short paragraph on the historical background of each book in the old testament, the four gospels and Acts.  They are interesting for me.  It has a small concordance. <br /> <br />All in all this is a good bible for a non-native speaker of German.
I am not a native speaker of German.  I got this bible to try to read through and maybe to memorize some scriptures out of, but always using mainly my English bible.  This review is over the Gute Nachicht translation only and not the bible. <br /> <br />The translation here is plain language, and fairly easy to read (as far as German goes for me anyway ;-).  It is a figurative and not literal translation, so it might not be so hot for memorizing scripture out of.  This isn't a drawback though if you are using an English bible also, because you will have the two translations to compare.  Overall it is a good translation that is also easy to read and find scriptures in to share with others. <br /> <br />All in all this is a good bible for a non-native speaker of German.
On a visit to his friends the detectives Thomson and Thompson, Tintin recognizes a piece of paper torn from the label of a can.  Earlier in the day Snowy had found the can with the rest of the label attached on the street.  The label shows a picture of a red crab on a golden background and is evidence in an investigation into counterfeit money.  Written on the back is the name of the ship.  When Tintin accompanies the detectives on a visit to the ship, he is kidnapped and held in the hold as the ship leave port for an unknown destination.<br /><br />This Tintin adventure is notable for the first appearance of Captain Haddock.  He is a major repeat character in subsequent adventures, with cries of artificial profanity like \\"blistering barnacles\\".  This book, unlike previous books in the series, has four pages in which a single frame fills a page, each showing a particularly dramatic or humorous moment in the story.<br /><br />If you are reading this to help learn Spanish, Tintin comics are good for reading at a Spanish 2 level. There are a lot of words that aren't basic vocabulary but it is still easy to follow the story because the writing and pictures tend to reinforce each other.  This particular one isn't so good for studying because the captain, a major character, spends most of this one drunk and speaking with a severe stutter.
I am not a native speaker of German.  I got this bible to try to read through and maybe to memorize some scriptures out of, but always using mainly my English bible.  This review is over the Gute Nachicht translation only and not the bible. <br /> <br />The translation here is plain language, and fairly easy to read (as far as German goes for me anyway ;-).  It is a figurative and not literal translation, so it might not be so hot for memorizing scripture out of.  This isn't a drawback though if you are using an English bible also, because you will have the two translations to compare.  Overall it is a good translation that is also easy to read and find scriptures in to share with others. <br /> <br />All in all this is a good bible for a non-native speaker of German.
I am not a native speaker of German.  I got this bible to try to read through and maybe to memorize some scriptures out of, but always using mainly my English bible.  This review is over the Gute Nachicht translation only and not the bible. <br /> <br />The translation here is plain language, and fairly easy to read (as far as German goes for me anyway ;-).  It is a figurative and not literal translation, so it might not be so hot for memorizing scripture out of.  This isn't a drawback though if you are using an English bible also, because you will have the two translations to compare.  Overall it is a good translation that is also easy to read and find scriptures in to share with others. <br /> <br />All in all this is a good bible for a non-native speaker of German.
Tintin is the best comic ever and here you have three of his adventures together: <br /> <br />The Broken Ear - A sculpture of the Arumbaya tribe at the Museum of Ethnology has a broken ear.  When it suddenly has two pristine ears TIntin knows something is amiss.  The real statue has been stolen and Tintin must journey through south America to solve the mystery.  However two Spanish criminals are also interested in finding the statue.  Tintin must solve the mystery while avoiding the criminals.... <br /> <br />The Black Island - While on a walk in the countryside Tintin sees a small plane make an emergency landing in a field.  When he approaches the pilot to offer help he is shot at.  Later he returns to investigate and follows a trail of counterfeit money to Scottland.  Tintin is suspicious about what is going on on the Black Island.  Natives say that a monster lives on the island and that those who travel there never come back.  But Tintin must investigate... <br /> <br />King Ottokar's Scepter - Tintin finds a briefcase in the ark.  He returns it to its owner Professor Janus.  The scholar will soon travel to Soldavia to study artifacts including the Royal Scepter, which must be in the possession of the king at a yearly ceremony, in order for him to remain in power.  As Tintin leaves the professor's apartment he notices that he has been photographed.  As he tries to find out why, he stumbles on a plot to steal the scepter... <br /> <br />These are all good stories and have jokes for adults as well as children.  They are printed on smaller size paper than the separately bound stories, which is more economical but makes them harder to read and doesn't do the graphics justice.  This is an economic edition for families, but invest in the larger separately bound stories if possible.
I read The Princess Bride having seen the movie.  The book and movie have similar feels and I think if you like one then you will like the other.  They had the same author (or adapter anyway ;-).  Basically the plots are the same (until the end, or am I only saying this so I won't spoil it for you?), but the book has more.  More sword fights etc  The feel is also different.  In the book Buttercup is a complete ditz.  Humperdink isn't all bad but still not the most likable guy. <br /> <br />The writing style is very entertaining.  We start with Goldman telling us how as a child he hated to read, until while he was bed ridden with pneumonia and his father read him The Princess Bride.  He later bought the book for his own son on his 10th birthday only to realize that his father had abridged the book as he read it aloud.  And so Goldman  purports to tell us \\"the good parts\\" of a satirical Florinese history book.  We follow the tale of young Buttercup, who is very beautiful, but also a messy little tomboy.  When a certain boy catches her heart and sets out into the world to make his fortune she cleans up for his return and is the most beautiful woman on earth.  This means noblemen want to marry her and she is caught up in adventure...  <br /> <br />This is an entertaining fun to read and humorous book.  If you liked the movie or you like the genre then you will like this and laugh at the jokes.
Tintin finds a briefcase in the ark.  He returns it to its owner Professor Janus.  The scholar will soon travel to Soldavia to study artifacts including the Royal Scepter, which must be in the possession of the king at a yearly ceremony, in order for him to remain in power.  As Tintin leaves the professor's apartment he notices that he has been photographed.  As he tries to find out why, he stumbles on a plot to steal the scepter... <br /> <br />After The Black Island, which was mostly chase scenes and action, it was nice to see some mystery.  The story here was fairly straightforward but the way in which it unfolded kept me guessing.  For example we don't learn who is after the scepter until it has been stolen and Tintin is trying to find out how and why.  This was a good little suspense mystery and up to quality of other books in the Tintin series.
Silliness abounds in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, which as it turns out is not a guide book for hitchhikers beyond the general advice and rational behind always bringing a towel.  Frequently the silliness is true to life in that it is tied to burocracy (The sequel to the Hithchhiker's Guide computer game was titled Burocracy.) and the oddities in modern life.  The story starts as Arthur Dent, a normal English man, wakes up one morning to find bulldozers outside his house.  His house had been scheduled for demolition for several months and he hadn't realized since the plans were posted at the county office.  A few chapters later we find that the entire Earth has similarly been scheduled for demolition by aliens who wish to install an interstellar expressway.  So Arthur with no house and soon no planet is taken to outer space by his friend Ford Prefect, who it turns out was an alien.  What follows is travel through outer space which turns out to be as absurd as earth.  Irony abounds. <br /> <br />The book was adapted from a radio show and this yields some awkward results.  The pacing is very ADD.  Seasons of radio went into the book, so originally this would have been spread out over a longer period of time.  However the going stays coherent and jokes are fit to plot not the other way round as can happen. <br /> <br />This is a book that you will love or hate.  I loved it and I think it would be worth trying out.
While staying with the rajah in India Tintin receives a mysterious visitor from Singapore.  The visitor has come to warn him of danger, but before he can deliver the message he is shot by a blow dart dipped in poison that makes the recipient absent minded.  As the poison takes effect he gasps out one name... \\"Mitsuhirato\\"  Tintin sets off to Singapore to find the mysterious Mitsuhirato and trouble...   <br /> <br />This is a more serious story than many in the Tintin series:  Tintin is continually crossing checkpoints lined with barbed wire, relations between Japanese Chinese and Europeans are not sugarcoated, and Tintin is even shot at one point (a flesh wound - there is a sequel after all).  This should not cause people to shy away from this book or from giving it to children.  Things are not so terrifying.  The poison used by the opium smugglers causes people to go insane instead of killing them and things end happily.
The Psychotronic Encyclopedia of Film consists of plot summaries of the kind of movies that come on at 3 am.  No not porn - get your mind out of that gutter.  Weldon chronicles 50's movies with huge mutant animals from the old nuclear test site, vampires, werewolves and anything with killer androids. <br /> <br />Each movie has a plot summary and many have publicity stills or small news articles about the film culled from Weldons home collection.  The introduction includes a section on the psychotronic film zine which Weldon ran.  The zine included a listing of which weird movies were on that week and included plot summaries of said movies.  What I found entertaining about this section was Weldons description of the difficulties getting his girlfriend to xerox the copies on the office copy machine when no one was looking.  This book grew out of that zine. <br /> <br />When it was published in the early 80's this book would have been a great idea for any fans of bad movies.  It is still a good source for info about bad movies up through the 70's.  (I checked it out of the library and kept it for a semester during which I investigated such classics as Doctor Goldboots and the Go-go Girls and found that it was pretty thorough in the bad movies department.)  As Weldon points out it was very difficult to find information about the kinds of films covered here at the time when this was published.  However with the internet and sites like badmovies.org and the ever handy Internet Movie Database it is possible to get the information elsewhere. <br /> <br />If you have an internet connection then don't bother with The Psychotronic Encyclodedia.  If you like bad movies and don't have internet access then this is a very useful reference for plot summaries and information on bad movies made prior to around 1980 and would be worth buying.
Tintin is the best comic ever and here you have three of his adventures together: <br /> <br />Tintin in America - My favorite Tintin book.  Tintin and Snowy are kidnapped by Al Capone immediately after arriving in the United States.  Of course they escape - and spend the rest of the book rounding up gangsters.  They chase Mr Smiles from the big city to an Indian reservation and through the wild west, so you get a good variety of American adventure landscapes. Finally they return triumphant to the city and Snowy gets kidnapped.  There is a sequel so you know things end happily. <br /> <br />The Cigars of the Paroah - Part 1 of The Blue Lotus mystery - On a journey to Egypt Tintin meets absentminded Egyptologist Professor Siclone.  The professor is in search of mystery.  The only clue is a symbol drawn on a piece of parchment.  Once in Egypt Tintin and Snowy follow the professor into an underground passageway marked by the symbol and find empty sarcophaguses marked with their names.  They escape and find themselves pursued by mysterious criminals.  All the while the mysterious symbol keeps turning up on stone walls, painted on trees, and on cigar labels... <br /> <br />The Blue Lotus - Part 2 (final part) of the Blue Lotus Mystery - While staying with the rajah in India Tintin receives a mysterious visitor from Singapore.  The visitor has come to warn him of danger, but before he can deliver the message he is shot by a blow dart dipped in poison that makes the recipient absent minded.  As the poison takes effect he gasps out one name... \\"Mitsuhirato\\"  Tintin sets off to Singapore to find the mysterious Mitsuhirato and trouble...   <br /> <br />These are all good stories and have jokes for adults as well as children.  They are printed on smaller size paper than the separately bound stories, which is more economical but makes them harder to read and doesn't do the graphics justice.  This is an economic edition for families, but libraries should invest in the larger separately bound stories.
This gives historical background behind the making of two early Tintin adventures: Cigars of the Pharoah and The Blue Lotus.  Together these stories form one coherent mystery story which takes Tintin across three continents in search of opium smugglers.  The Blue Lotus is the most interesting for many because it is set in Singapore and portrays China and the relations between Chinese Japanese and Europeans during a time when Japan was starting to occupy parts of China. <br /> <br />Herge became interested in China and Chinese history because of his friendship with a fellow student Chang Chong-chen, who was from China.  He had never been to China but from talking with Chang Chong-chen who eventually became his roommate and clipping pictures from newspapers and magazine articles about China he could try to accurately illustrate the landscape and social climate.  After school Chang Chong-chen returned to China and because of the communist revolution in the 1940's he and Herge lost touch.  They met again in 1981. <br /> <br />The background behind these comics is very interesting.  Fans of the comics will like this background story.
Tintin and Snowy are kidnapped by Al Capone immediately after arriving in the United States.  Of course they escape - and spend the rest of the book rounding up gangsters.  They chase Mr Smiles from the big city to an Indian reservation and through the wild west, so you get a good variety of American adventure landscapes. Finally they return triumphant to the city and Snowy gets kidnapped.  There is a sequel so you know things end happily. <br /> <br />This is probably my favorite Tintin book.  It has a lot of ironic moments:  in the first pages of the book Tintin succeeds in catching Al Capone but no one believes him, the discovery of oil turns wilderness into big city in a matter of hours, and an animal rights activist is upset that a puma is eating a deer in the wild.
Tintin and Snowy are kidnapped by Al Capone immediately after arriving in the United States.  Of course they escape - and spend the rest of the book rounding up gangsters.  They chase Mr Smiles from the big city to an Indian reservation and through the wild west, so you get a good variety of American adventure landscapes. Finally they return triumphant to the city and Snowy gets kidnapped.  There is a sequel so you know things end happily.<br /><br />This is probably my favorite Tintin book.  It has a lot of ironic moments:  in the first pages of the book Tintin succeeds in catching Al Capone but no one believes him, the discovery of oil turns wilderness into big city in a matter of hours, and an animal rights activist is upset that a puma is eating a deer in the wild.<br /><br />The book and video together are perfect for people trying to improve their French by reading comics.  The book alone is a useful tool since words and pictures are matched so it is easy to follow the story even if one has not gripped the language.  So if you are feeling economical then just the book is good.  The video is good for hearing how words are pronounced, and may or may not be worth the extra cost to you.
Fourfield features art by Tony Robbin and much discussion of the theoretical basis behind his art.  The introduction is by cyberpunk author Rudy Rucker who just eats up that four dimensional stuff.  Robbin seeks to give glimpses of the fourth spatial dimension through his art.  The theory behind the art is that there are four spatial dimensions.  We don't have muscles that allow us to move in the fourth dimension and we are basically flat in the fourth dimension.  But we can interact with it in our minds. <br /> <br />Think of it this way:  creatures that exist in only two dimensions (and a tiny bit of third dimension  - like a sheet of paper) would have a similar problem grasping the idea of a third dimension.  However a three dimensional object could pass through their world and by examining various cross sections of it they could form a mental picture of that object.  For example a sphere would look like a circle but its width would vary. <br /> <br />So Robbin sculpts three dimensional \\"cross sections\\" of four dimensional objects.  Likewise he paints pictures based on the shadows that these objects might cast.  Naturally the art appears abstract to us, but really is representational of something that we can't see with our eyes.  The two dimensional paintings tend to show a pattern that varies as you go along.  There are also computer generated shadows of the hyper cube - a four dimensional cube.  (Similar programs are usually available for download - so do an internet search if you want to try this out.)  I went through the pics and tried to visuallize four dimensions which is a good way to get weird fast. <br /> <br />Anyone into more theoretical aspects of math should get a kick out of this book.  Libraries with heavy math or art interest should consider archiving a copy.
The Aventures of Tintin in the Congo is a bit different fromother Tintin books. Basically Tintin is on vacation in Africa to shoot animals with gun and camera. Camera only comes into play in the last eight pages of the book when he has already shot 15 antelope, a monkey, a large snake (which was eating a man, so not really bad to kill) and an elephant. This book has definitely been called racist, but I don't see it as much of an issue. Most scenes show Tintin alone in the forest shooting animals, so there are no natives to portray negatively. Also this is set in the colonial Congo.  <br /> <br />The plot as previously stated has Tintin on a big game hunting vacation in the Congo. On the boat ride over Snowy gets into scrapes with a parrot, an electric fish and a stowaway who remains undiscovered except by Snowy. In the Congo the stowaway follows them and keeps trying to cause trouble for Tintin. Is he still mad about Snowy or does he have deeper motives? ....  <br /> <br />Read some other Tintin books before you read this one. TIntin does do clever things for example using an electromagnet to escape danger and assuming a disguise to unmask a crime ring. However he also does clever things like feed alkaseltzer and water to a big cat and get a snake to start swallowing its own tale. Mostly he is just shooting animals and getting rescued by Snowy or missionaries and is basically passive.  <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />*** Tim fahrt auf Grosswildjagd *** <br /> <br />In Tim im Congo fahrt Tim nach Congo auf Grosswildjagd mit Gewehr und Comera.  ( Er benutzt Fotoapparat nur in die letzte acht Seite nach die schiessen 15 Hirschen, ein Affe, eine grosse Schlange (Die Schlange versucht ein Mann zu fressen, also sie war wirklich gut zu schiessen.) und ein Elephant.  Wegen der Seereise nach Congo aengert Struppi ein Papagei, ein elektrisch Fisch and ein blinder Passagier.  In dem Congo folgt der blinder Passagier Tim und Struppi.  Ist er noch veraengert mit Struppi oder hat er einer schade Handlung? ... <br /> <br />Veile Menschen finden Rassismus in dieser Buch.  Ich finde das nicht viel.  Meistens jagt Tim und Struppi allein im Wildnis, deschalb gibt es keine Afrikaner zu darstellen.  (Auch koennen Britischer ab Thompson und Thomson klagen, wenn die wollen.)  Noch die Raccismus ist der Grund fur die Abwesenheit dieses Buch im Vereinigten Staaten. <br /> <br />Vieleicht ist es besser andere Tim und Struppi Buecher zu lesen frueher als Tim im Congo.  Heir macht Tim klug zb er benuzt einen Elektromagnet und tragt eine Verkleidung.  Aber auch macht Tim klug und boese zb er fuehrt Alkaselzter und Wasser zu Leopard, and macht eine Schlange die Schlangschwanz fressen.  (Ach Ich hoffe diesse Ubersetzung rechts hat.  Nichts schmutig was passiert.  Wirklich.)  Meisten schiesst Tim Tieren und macht nicht so viel.  Also ich mag andere Tim Buecher besser. <br /> <br />Entschuldigung fur mein Deutsch.
And The Band Played On tells the history of AIDS in the US during the 1980's.  Shilts was a reporter in San Francisco who had covered many of the events as they happened and so had a unique insider perspective on events.  He writes in a semi-fictional style in which he tries to show personalities of the people involved and \\"get inside their heads\\" by telling their thoughts and feelings.  This makes the book highly readable (it is phone book thick so readability is a good thing).  But the style also makes things even more grim (many of the people end up dead from AIDS) and is potentially misleading because Shilts is interpreting the inner lives of real people, some of whom he had never even met.   <br /> <br />As far as AIDS goes And the Band Played On is a bit out of date now that it has been more than 10 years since its publication.  (A more recent book with similar focus and maybe for similar audience is Big Shot by Patricia Thomas.)  As far as politics goes As The Band Played On is one huge case study of beurocracy and disease.  Seeing how people's personal desire for professional recognition kept information from flowing freely, and the extent to which politics drove medicine was a big shock.  I'm pretty sure the politics haven't gone out of date and won't soon.  *sigh*  So to see the interaction of medicine and many unsavory social phenomena (politicians - not gays) is a good reason to read this book. <br /> <br />For me And The Band Played On is an excellent study of politics interacting with medicine as well as early history of AIDS cases in the US.  It is very readable so don't let the length put you off.
The Aventures of Tintin in the Congo is a bit different fromother Tintin books.  Basically Tintin is on vacation in Africa to shoot animals with gun and camera.  Camera only comes into play in the last eight pages of the book when he has already shot 15 antelope, a monkey, a large snake (which was eating a man, so not really bad to kill) and an elephant.  This book has definitely been called racist, but I don't see it as much of an issue.  Most scenes show Tintin alone in the forest shooting animals, so there are no natives to portray negatively.  Also this is set in the colonial Congo.    The plot as previously stated has Tintin on a big game hunting vacation in the Congo.  On the boat ride over Snowy gets into scrapes with a parrot, an electric fish and a stowaway who remains undiscovered except by Snowy.  In the Congo the stowaway follows them and keeps trying to cause trouble for Tintin.  Is he still mad about Snowy or does he have deeper motives? ....    Read some other Tintin books before you read this one.  TIntin does do clever things for example using an electromagnet to escape danger and assuming a disguise to unmask a crime ring.  However he also does clever things like feed alkaseltzer and water to a big cat and get a snake to start swallowing its own tale.  Mostly he is just shooting animals and getting rescued by Snowy or missionaries and is basically passive.        *** Tim fahrt auf Grosswildjagd ***    In Tim im Congo fahrt Tim nach Congo auf Grosswildjagd mit Gewehr und Comera.  ( Er benutzt Fotoapparat nur in die letzte acht Seite nach die schiessen 15 Hirschen, ein Affe, eine grosse Schlange (Die Schlange versucht ein Mann zu fressen, also sie war wirklich gut zu schiessen.) und ein Elephant.  Wegen der Seereise nach Congo aengert Struppi ein Papagei, ein elektrisch Fisch and ein blinder Passagier.  In dem Congo folgt der blinder Passagier Tim und Struppi.  Ist er noch veraengert mit Struppi oder hat er einer schade Handlung? ...    Veile Menschen finden Rassismus in dieser Buch.  Ich finde das nicht viel.  Meistens jagt Tim und Struppi allein im Wildnis, deschalb gibt es keine Afrikaner zu darstellen.  (Auch koennen Britischer ab Thompson und Thomson klagen, wenn die wollen.)  Noch die Raccismus ist der Grund fur die Abwesenheit dieses Buch im Vereinigten Staaten.    Vieleicht ist es besser andere Tim und Struppi Buecher zu lesen frueher als Tim im Congo.  Heir macht Tim klug zb er benuzt einen Elektromagnet und tragt eine Verkleidung.  Aber auch macht Tim klug und boese zb er fuehrt Alkaselzter und Wasser zu Leopard, and macht eine Schlange die Schlangschwanz fressen.  (Ach Ich hoffe diesse Ubersetzung rechts hat.  Nichts schmutig was passiert.  Wirklich.)  Meisten schiesst Tim Tieren und macht nicht so viel.  Also ich mag andere Tim Buecher besser.    Entschuldigung fur mein Deutsch.
Graded German Reader is the best reading book for a beginning German student that I have stumbled across.  It starts off with short two or three sentence blurbs using opposites:  dark and light, thick and thin, tall and short, etc.  (Obviously all these antonyms as well as the rest of the book are in German.)  There is an emphasis on using words that are similar to English, so it is possible to pick through this first section with almost no English at all.  From these it builds to one paragraph stories that use the vocabulary from the opposites section.  If you have read through the opposites section and followed it several times then you should be able to pick through this section too (new vocab is defined to the sides).  Finally toward the end of the book you are reading short fairy tales in German. <br /> <br />If you are taking German classes but aren't yet able to pick up a book and read then this is the perfect way to get you to that point.  I read through it at various points in German 2 and I feel that it helped me greatly when I was learning German.   <br /> <br />Also helpful to get fluent at reading German are comic books and children's books in German:  Tim und Struppi=Tintin, Asterix=Asterix (but try to crudely translate a specific title into German and search for it ie Asterix und Cleopatra instead of Asterix and Cleopatra), Akira=Akira(but its mostly cussing and cool art, so not so helpful for German anyway), etc  Basically find a popular English book that is at your German reading level (underestimate when in doubt) and try to find the German translation here.  Buy one book from a German publisher and write away for a catalog of similar books, or look through promotional info in the back pages of the book.  Then when you have more money for books you will know what you are getting into better.
I had to get this and no other German dictionary for a class in high school.  This recommends the book as being well compiled and good for information.  However the printing job is the worst imaginable.  Ink will rub off on your fingers if you rub the pages and as you thumb through on your way to looking things up.  And to make things worse the teacher who required us to buy this and only this dictionary was allergic to the ink and got ticked if we brought a dictionary to her desk.  She wouldn't touch them. <br /> <br />To a certain extent a dictionary is a dictionary.  The Harrap's Concise German dictionary will leave ink on your fingers and feels disgusting to use.  Even if someone gave me one I would avoid using it or touching it.  Buy another brand of dictionary and never touch a Harrap's with your clean un-rash-covered fingers.
They Made America contains biographies of nearly 50 innovators who changed the course of American history.  Rather than cover inventors, Evan focuses on people who popularized existing inventions - innovators.  After all if an invention never becomes popular then it has little effect on the course of history.  John Fitch invented the steam engine, but Robert Fulton who you may remember from history class was the first to start a large shipping company using the technology. <br /> <br />The people Evans discusses have a wide range of backgrounds.  For example immigrant Ida Rosenthal worked out of her home as a seamstress.  She began to sow reinforced dresses meant to be worn without corsets.  Customers asked for separated reinforcement as an undergarment for other dresses.  Eventually demand was so high that she hired more seamstresses and focused on producing only her most popular item - the bra.  Ted Turner was of course a colorful character who inherited a regional billboard company and worked his way up to founding CNN, an around the clock news channel updated continuously.  The biographies also come from all time periods of American History:  Part 1 covers history up to the War Between the States, Part 2 covers around 1870 to the very recent past (as the search engines mentioned in the title suggest).  I was amazed  to find out that the author, Evans, is British.  He was drawn to study innovation in America from seeing pragmatism and the effect the country has had on modern history. <br /> <br />This is a neat book, and good to look through.  (The actual dimensions of the book are huge, but only about 10 pages are devoted to each biography so it is easy to read in shorter sections.)  History buffs, potential entrepreneurs and libraries from college to grade school would benefit from it.
If you just are getting one book about glass painting to try the hobby out then this is a good choice.  It has a good overview of the materials available, step by step instructions for different techniques and templates to trace over (glass is perfect for tracing ;-) so you can get started on some small projects.  The color pictures are plentiful and pretty, and the price is not too high as one might expect with color pics.  Even if you are just into crafts and later find that glass painting isn't your thing the templates and pics can carry over into other crafts. <br /> <br />This is a good book if you know you want to try glass painting out.
I read Amy's Eyes when I was in 4th grade and I loved it.  It tells the story of an orphaned girl and her sailor doll, The Captain, who comes to life and goes to see.  Amy misses him and pines away... and pines away...  When the Captain returns for her he finds that she has turned into a doll with button eyes.  He adopts the doll and takes her away on adventures at sea on a boat crewed by an assortment of characters including a large talking frog. <br /> <br />Amy's Eyes is a story that children and adults will both like.  I have fond childhood memories and I recommend it.
I got this book for an introductory class on microbiology.  As part of a course it is OK.  As others have pointed out there are some sections that could have been done better.  For me the main issue was this was not so easy to read.  I know it is college level, but for example my introductory biology and chemistry books did not suck the life out of everything and even had helpful little side articles that connected things up.   <br /> <br />If you are a professor I suggest using a different textbook, and of course you are better qualified to find said book.  My issue was that this book was dull and I am interested in the subject so that shouldn't have been the case.
The premise of Code is that the architecture of the internet and not any one country's laws controls what one can do on it.  One clear evidence of architecture controlling our lives is our dependence on cars.  Most American cities grew large after the car had become common.  Hence they have limited transportation.  Hence one is expected to own a car to live a normal life.  Similarly the architecture of the internet will make certain activities much easier than others.  The difference is the internet is currently being formed and we can choose what we want it to be if we act now (or in 1999 anyway).   <br /> <br />Lessig identifies four factors that influence what any individual can and will do on or offline:   law, architecture (physics in the real world), social norms, market forces (since corporations have so much control over what gets done).  This way of looking at things combined with the cute little diagrams may clarify things you already know about the internet.  There is also much discussion threaded through the book of legal issues in the past that may prove applicable to cyberspace now.   <br /> <br />Basically I tried to read this, but found it a bit dumbed down.  I skimmed it and it was good for me to look closer at some of the relationships in play on the development of the internet, or maybe to solidify things in my head.  However it didn't tell me much and Lessig keeps repeating himself blah blah blah and then going into rapturous praise of open source code and newsgroups and other old hat thing on the internet.  (I realize that this was published in 1999 but I don't feel that it would have been new info for me then either.) <br /> <br />If you are the sort of person who has read the Jargon File, then you are unlikely to get much out of Code (except if you are interested in legal history about privacy, IP etc - but then again the premise of the book is that architecture more than law influences what can and can't be done online).  However, for an outsider interested in learning about the subcultures that exist online and more about the sociology type aspects of computing this would be a useful introduction.
Charted knitting Designs is divided into the following sections:  textured fabrics, twist stitch pattern, cables, closed ring designs in cabling, cable-stitch patterns, lace panels, mosaic patterns, color patterns, uncharted miscellany and knitting directions for illustrated samples.  The last chapter showcases a few simple projects that use patterns found in the book.  All other chapter include a photo of the finished knitted texture and a chart (or row by row directions in the non-charted section) of the pattern.  This makes visualizing a finished product so much easier and makes it easy to thumb through and look at textures.  The photos cover a big enough section of fabric to really get a feel for them. <br /> <br />The patterns show all kinds.  My favorite was one called \\"The Mask\\" in the uncharted section.  It allows you to knit a theater mask into a piece of fabric.  You increase and then decrease for the nose, so it sticks out for a 3-D mask. <br /> <br />This book is hardly a must-have (because there are so many knitting books out there), but it is very good for visualizing what a finished product will look like.
If you are into Caspar David Friedrich then you know how hard it is to find reproductions of his paintings in art books.  This book is an excellent chance to buy (or even see at all) reproductions of some of his less famous paintings.  The reproductions are very nice quality, and many of them also reproduce enlargements of sections of the painting.  There is a short description for each that ties it in with Friedrich's life and what he was doing at the time.  Also lots of biographical info on the artist (but the writing is kind of dry and not so easy to read).  If you are looking for a book on the artist then this is an excellent option. <br /> <br />List of some nice color reproductions: <br />On the Sailboat (1818) <br />Sisters on the Harbor view Terrace (1820) <br />Moonrise by the Sea (1821) <br />Morning in the Mountains (1822) <br />The Nets (1830) <br />Swans in the Reeds by Dawns early Light (1832) <br />Evening Landscape with 2 Men (1830) <br />The Dreamer (1835) <br /> <br />Those are some of the full page color prints.  There are many many more slightly smaller prints, including a section exploring the owl motif in his art, a section on paintings of ruins, views of his studios and out the studio windows (my fav. part) and many landscapes summer and winter. <br /> <br />I highly recommend this book to libraries and fans of the artist.  The volume of reproductions is good and the reproductions are very high quality.
The plot to Shutter Bug Follies follows Bee, a recent high school graduate who lives with her parents in New York and runs the one hour photo machine at a convenience store.  Her job is dull except for the fact that the person operating the photo machine gets to see all the photos.  Bee is an amateur photographer and makes her own copies of any prints that interest her which she shares with her art school friend Lyla.   <br /> <br />One day professional artist photographer Khatchatourian brings film for developing.  His specialty is crime scene photography which exhibits in shows that comment on society.  Allegedly he listens on police scanners and gets there first to get his gorrie pics.  Bee wonders is he involved in real life crime?  She begins to spy on him to try to find out. <br /> <br />The story here is well done.  It keeps moving along well and until the very end you wonder if Bee is imagining everything or if Khatchatourian really is getting tips from crime syndicates.  The characters are well developed, even secondary characters like Lyla and Khatchatourian's assistant.  The graphics are nice too.  One thing that I liked is that occasionally the orientation of the pages changes, so you turn the book side ways to read.  This is done mid page, but cleverly so it is smooth. <br /> <br />This is a cute little mystery.  It was good enough that I would read a sequel of it came out.  There is a bit of nudity and the plot revolves around crime scene photography so be aware if you are giving this to a child.
If you got to this page then you are probably already one of the cult following of the legendary Painters Secret Geometry.  I read this book in the form of an entire copy xeroxed form a library edition in the late 80s which I borrowed from another art fan.  (Trust me I looked for it but it wasn't for sale anywhere)  We both missed the reprint and aren't I kicking myself for it? <br /> <br />Basically Bouleau goes through many many master works of art and extracts the Golden mean from them.  The placement of that figure, the way she is holding the vase in relation to her body - so many elements in the composition of these paintings coincide with mathematic placement its eerie.  The concept of extracting Fibonacci numbers and finding geometrical patterns in art is nothing new, but here it is demonstrated over and over and much better than anecdotal evidence. <br /> <br />I have never understood why this book is so hard to get ahold of.  It has been referenced over and over again since its original publication and was a big influence on art analysis.   <br /> <br />Probably you already know this but this is a book you have to have if you are into art history.  So the question is do you have the 350 dollars used copies are currently selling for?  Trust me all library copies have been stolen by now so reprints or here are your only hope to unravel the painters secret geometry....
Brain Trust exposes the health threat of Alzheimers in the US.  Kelleher starts by giving an overview of Mad Cow disease and what we already know about it.  It is caused by a prion, which is an abnormally twisted protein.  When the abnormally twisted protein comes into contact with a normally twisted protein it changes the shape of that protein to match its own.  In the case of Mad Cow disease we already have the normal twisted versions of the protein in our brain tissue.  This prion is only denatured (killed) at temperatures somewhere above 600 C, so cooking the meat or even autoclaving contaminated equipment provides little safety.  Symptoms of Mad Cow disease may appear as much as 30 years after exposure, so many people could be infected before the problem was noticed.  Much of the book covers the history of Mad Cow disease and other prions, including chronic wasting disease in wild game animals.  This history reveals what we know about prions and are clearly written.<br /><br />Kelleher moves on to a discussion of the present and points out the following disturbing facts about meat in the US:  Physicians prefer not to do autopsies on people who may have died from Mad Cow disease because they will be unable to safely use their surgical equipment again without risk of spreading the prion (remember 600 C to denature it).  Therefore our statistics on the disease in people will tend to be skewed especially if another degenerative brain disorder - like Alzheimers can be blamed.  (Alzheimers like Mad Cow disease progresses very quickly once a person shows symptoms and in an older person a misdiagnosis is plausible.)  In the US only about 0.6% of beef cows are inspected for Mad Cow disease at the time of slaughter as compared with about 30% in England and 100% in Japan.  Kelleher points out many ways in which animal feed is suspect.  Cow parts are fed to chickens, and then later chicken parts comprise part of cow feed etc.  Many many examples of iffy feed procedures, which no one has researched for safety.<br /><br />While Kelleher's approach is somewhat alarmist this is an issue that we Americans tend to ignore and should be more educated on.  For example, for years after I heard about Mad Cow disease, I thought cooking beef made it safe to eat.  Kelleher provides a simple solution to eliminate the unknown and greatly ignored risk which Mad Cow disease poses.  Grain fed and grass fed cows are safe and shifting the industry to this model while inspecting more cows at the time of slaughter would likely eliminate the risk of mad cow disease.<br /><br />The issue discussed here is very important to national health.  I urge people to skim through this book at the least and consider where the beef they eat is coming from.which no one has researched for safety. <br /> <br />While Kelleher's approach is somewhat alarmist this is an issue that we Americans tend to ignore and should be more educated on.  For example, for years after I heard about Mad Cow disease, I thought cooking beef made it safe to eat.  Kelleher provides a simple solution to eliminate the unknown and greatly ignored risk which Mad Cow disease poses.  Grain fed and grass fed cows are safe and shifting the industry to this model while inspecting more cows at the time of slaughter would likely eliminate the risk of mad cow disease. <br /> <br />The issue discussed here is very important to national health.  I urge people to skim through this book at the least and consider where the beef they eat is coming from.
As you probably guessed Bugs and Birds in Origami is book of nifty but more challenging patterns to try out once you have already done some basic origami.  The birds designs are intermediate difficulty.  The bugs range towards hard, but are conversation pieces once you fold them.  (Use Amazon's Look Inside feature and the pics will tell you clearly how cool these designs are.) <br /> <br />Diagrams were as clear as possible, given that the designs are often complex (sometime there are like 8 arrows on the same step telling you to fold all at once - gack).  I was able to work through these given enough time. <br /> <br />I recommend this book only if you know you have the patience to try and work through each pattern very carefully.  These are very nice designs but also complex and not for beginners.
I first read The Chronicles of Narnia when I was in elementary school (maybe third grade, but I don't remember exactly) and I loved them.  The story starts with The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe in which children in an old house on a rainy day discover that the back side of an old wardrobe is sometimes just a wooden back of a wardrobe as one would expect, but sometimes leads into a dark forest near a single lamppost.  That world is Narnia and consists of much more than just a lamppost.  The seven books in the series follow the adventures of the children in Narnia.<br /><br />When I read these first I wasn't aware of the Christian allegory that plays out in Narnia.  I'm Christian now, but I wasn't then (or at a subsequent reading as an adult).  I think the books are actually more fun taken as stories.  So regardless of your beliefs try to just read them through for fun and then figure out the allegories later or reread them.  I think most people miss the whole alegorie thing any way unless they are looking for it.  These stories have endured because they are good fantasy reading and not for some secondary reason.  They are good reading for adults and not just children (but definitely good for both).<br /><br />Highly recommended for fans of the fantasy genre if not everyone - children or adult.<br /><br />PS:  as pointed out by other reviewers please please read them in CS Lewis' published order  1) The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe, 2) Prince Caspian, 3)The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, 4) The Silver Chair, 5) The Horse and His Boy, 6) The Magician's Nephew, and 7) The Last Battle<br /><br />The way the story unfolds makes more sense this way, even though what is happening in the story is not chronological.
My mom got this book to use for loom beading, since beads like stitches in knitting are not quite square so the designs can be used for either.  In keeping with the whimsical title and pattern featured on the cover, this book is packed with really cool patterns.  Many of the designs feature dragons etc and all are excellent.  The quality is consistent and good and there are so many patterns.  Interspersed are cartoons in which dogs knit and humorously give tips on aspects of knitting. <br /> <br />I have no idea why this book is out of print.  Now I have to steal my mom's copy.  If you are at all interested in knitting you need to check this book out.
The Influetials is either just a big statistical blob or I missed something.  Keller et al start out by describing the influential as someone who other people in the community kind of look toward.  They are very socially connected and respected.  There is no doubt in my mind that the proposition that one in ten people has a huge influence on how the other nine think, however instead of exploring the social patterns Keller et al try to define that person whom they call an \\"Influential\\"  They begin by saying in the first chapter that statistics can't pinpoint an influential and then spend most of the book tossing statistics on influentials at the reader - lots of tables that don't tell me anything. <br /> <br />One thing that I found interesting were the case studies scattered through the book.  Basically these were mini-biographies of influentials slanted more towards what they were up to at the moment.  Even these weren't all that helpful. <br /> <br />I recommend skipping The Influentials.  The title is really good but the book doesn't focus or do much to back it up.  Actually things just get muddled.  The Tipping Point by Malcome Gladwell has a good bit of discussion about who influences opinions and how.  Check that out instead.
Basically A Stitch in TIme is full of reprints of period knitting and crochet patterns along with the picture that appeared with the pattern when it was first published.  SInce handcrafts tend to be time less (ie a sweater looks the same now as it did 100 years ago) I have to commend Waller on compiling this.  The patterns here have a good amount of period feel to them.  You get shoulders so high and pointed that they look as if they could take and eye out, a whole section on one piece swim suits and more interesting sleeves and collars than I can count.<br /><br />I particularly liked the section on hats.  Many of them are asymmetrical and parallel what ever style hat was popular at the time.  No berets and skullcaps fit all approach here.<br /><br />This is a really neato book.  The patterns are very distinctive.  I recommend it if you are curious about older patterns or want to make something that doesn't fit the normal knitting mold.
I read The Da Vinci Code and disliked it for several reasons.  A major one was the lack of illustrations.  The plot deals with an art historian and a cryptographer trying to discover a mystery hidden by a dying museum curator.  The curator was shot in the Louvre and while bleeding to death left clues which tie in with math and art.  So art is central to the plot.  Illustrations add so much.<br /><br />So including illustrations really helps move things along.  The other flaws still remain, the main one being that the book is poorly written (although the art and math stuff is mostly accurate).  But adding pictures accentuates the positive while eliminating a big negative.<br /><br />My advice is if you are purchasing The Da Vinci Code to spend the extra on the illustrated version, especially if you aren't \\"into\\" art.  The extra five dollars will more than double the value of the reading experience.
Tap Dancing Lizard by the same authors has the best patterns ever.  The patterns in Enchanted Knitting are also consistently high quality.  However they are printed in black and grey, not black and white.  Maybe because of this the patterns feel too small, or maybe they are too small.  I'm 23 and don't wear glasses and I have so much trouble that I recommend copying the patterns to graph paper if you want to use them.  And the patterns are nice so its even more frustrating. <br /> <br />My advice is to try to buy Tap Dancing Lizard by the same authors instead.  It has high quality patterns that are much easier to read.  Probably if you get that one you will be hooked and buy this one anyway.
I am just now learning to knit, and I have a feeling that this is going to be my favorite knitting book.  It has a section at the beginning explaining how to do stitches.  It is not the best book on learning how to knit from not knowing anything, but it is adequate.  Next there is a long section which shows photos of many many repeated designs to do in a single color of yarn and then gives the instructions on how to knit that design.  There is also a short write up on how to plan out patterns. <br /> <br />In terms of patterns for actual garments the approach focuses on seeing a photo of something and then being able to whip it up.  It has a chapter showing photos of something like ten ways of attaching a collar to a sweater for different looks.  Similarly there are sections on how to make a particular size or shape garment.  I think that this is the section that would appeal to people who are already good at knitting and looking to expand their horizons. <br /> <br />Like I said I am just now learning to knit, and I'm not to the point of making anything much more than a scarf.  I have tried out some of the gridded patterns and they are easy to follow plus the discussion on designing them was helpful.  I recommend this book to people who are just learning how to knit.
I read this a few years ago because someone I was visiting had it in their apartment.  At one point Kiyosaki says that rich buy assets and the poor buy liabilites.  Basically an asset pays you without you doing anything - for example interest from the bank.  Likewise a liability takes money without you doing anything.  (Although he does point out that in the case of a house and a car both require continuous money for up keep but may be needed for other reasons.)  For me assessing whether I was aquiring assets or liabilities was a breakthrough in how to look at things.  I'm not rich and unlikely to be so (which I'll get to next paragraph), but it has very much helped me to clarify how I think about spending. <br /> <br />Kiyosaki also gives advice about specific types of investment strategies.  Many of them take more daring than I have (and that's why I will never be rich although with longer term planning I will likely do OK).  However all are based on the same strategy of aquireing assets.  Which goes into why reading the book might be good even though I just gave the big secret away.  For example in speculating in real estate Kiyosaki is especially clear on an asset being something that you don't have to continually manage.  In this case have someone else who is unclogging toilets for your tenants.  Treat this employee well and tip your broker and generally pay attention to and be generous with people who are part of your assets. <br /> <br />Basically this is a good book to clarify your strategies involving money.  Even if you are cautious like me it is helpful in terms of helping you clarify how you think about money.  I don't think it can make you \\"get rich quick\\" but it is still very good to have read it.  (4 stars not 5 because the specific investment strategies aren't for my personality)
Maybe because we see money every day folding it into origami is very interesting,  This book has clear instructions on how to make a variety of animals from dollar bills.  (Use the Look Inside feature on Amazon to see the variety of origamis you can make.)  The instructions have a clear diagram for every step of the folding. <br /> <br />That doesn't mean folding animals is easy.  Dollars don't hold creases very well, and both sides of the dollar are the same color which makes following a diagram difficult.  Also like in normal origami the cooler it looks the more frustrating it is to make it (usually).  Duck Star and Fish are pretty easy to fold, but as for Unicorn- whew boy. <br /> <br />I recommend this to people who want to give money as a gift, but still make it personal, or to people who just think it would be cool to do origami with money.  They patterns are cute, and there are not so many books on money folding out there.
I am just now learning to knit and my mother loaned me this because she said it had the best section on learning how to knit.  I don't have anything to compare to so I'm not sure, but it explains it clearly and thoroughly.  I don't think that this is a book for people who want to try out knitting though.  It is phone book thick (and I'm from a big city).  About half of it is teaching you how to knit.  It assumes you know nothing and then tells you EVERYTHING.  So it is for someone who knows for sure that they want to really get into knitting.  I think someone who already has done a lot of knitting might also like this.  It is so thorough they might like it for reference.  <br /> <br />If this is what you are looking for then its perfect.  If it isn't then its too much information.
I read The Stand when I was staying indoors with a monster cold, which probably helped out in setting some mood near the beginning.  The plot concerns a doomsday virus that kills almost everybody in the world.  The dieing happens in the beginning and then we follow the stories of the members of a group of survivors who join together and try to get by.  There are so few survivors that they spend a good bit of time finding other survivors and then coping with a word in which there is no infrastructure since everyone else is deceased.  They settle down and become the good in the apocalyptic battle between good and evil that is coming. <br /> <br />This is the only book by Stephen King that I've read.  I really liked it.  The plot made sense and all, but it wasn't the focus for me.  But the characters were so well developed.  Even though this is a very long book it reads quickly.  I recommend trying it out unless the whole everyone in the world dieing is too sad for you.
Artist's Market provides listings of companies, by category, that might buy reproduction rights to art or art.  Categories include greeting card companies, magazines, poster companies, advertising firms, book publishers and galleries.  Each section has a short introductory article on how to present work to that particular market.  In each section companies in that category are listed along with a short description on what the company publishes (ie pen and ink black and white) so you can read through and target companies that might publish your art. <br /> <br />Interspersed in the directory are short articles on practical businessy subjects that can help in publishing art and success stories of people who made it using Artist's Market to find outlets for their art.  The articles are a draw for me because I like to look at other people's art and the articles on copyright etc are always nice. <br /> <br />The draw back to a single source for art info is that the companies might be swamped with submissions.  Then again however you find out about a way to license your art someone else could find out that same way. <br /> <br />Artist's Market is a worthwhile investment for someone trying to publish art on their own.  Publishing is tough business.  Good luck.
1984 is extremely influential on the way we as a society label each other and our government with names such as \\"Big Brother\\" Orwellian and such.  These names like calling someone a Nazi allow us to appear to argue but actually allow us to dodge the real issues.  This is fairly ironic considering the origin of such terms.  Basically 1984 is set in London in the distopian future.  Orwell wrote it in response to Stalin's corrupting the ideals of Socialism.  He was a socialist and so was really bothered by that failure.<br /><br />The plot to 1984 isn't so important as the setting.  Basically the story follows Winston Smith.  Smith harbors less than perfect views of his environment, for which he will one day be arrested regardless of his actions.  Not loving the government (thought crime) is the only crime that is recognized.  Hidden cameras and microphones are omnipresent in the city, included mandatory TVs which can't be turned off, only show a single government station and contain hidden cameras through which \\"thought police\\" may monitor what is in front of the TV at any time.  Social interaction doesn't exist, since that would be considered weird and therefore criminal.<br /><br />There are three classes of people in London:  Inner Party members, Party members like Winston and the proletariate, who aren't watched so closely because they aren't considered human.  In this world Winston goes from merely not liking the government to engaging in unusual behavior.  He starts by buying decorative antiques at a proletariate shop and progresses to having a girl friend, who he can only meet with in remote country side settings on account of social interaction is not allowed by the government.  It is obvious to him that he will one day be taken to the Ministry of Love, a windowless building which handles law enforcement, and never fails at getting thought criminals to love the government.<br /><br />The novel is always dark.  No happy beginning, no happy middle and no happy ending.  Still it is important to read it before throwing around terms like \\"Orwellian\\"  It has been so influential on society that it is required reading - if you want to pass your tenth grade English.  Failing to read is a sign of insurgence against the government.
Orwell was a socialist and genuinely believed in the ideals represented by Lenin's revolution in Russia.  So when Stalin came to power and the dream of communism crumbled to a very different reality Orwell was very disturbed.  The novels Animal Farm and 1984 were both written in response to the failure of socialism in Russia.<br /><br />1984 - The novel is always dark.  No happy beginning, no happy middle and no happy ending.  It follows the story of Winston Smith.  He lives in a society in which the government can at any time monitor anyone.  Hidden microphones and cameras are omnipresent.  He doesn't love the government, which is the only crime recognized - a thought crime.  It is important to read this book before throwing around terms like \\"Orwellian\\" and \\"Big Brother\\"  It has been so influential on society that it introduced these terms which are now used by people who haven't read the book.<br /><br />Animal Farm - A less shocking variation on the theme of corruption, told in the form of a children's story.  It tells the story of animals who overthrow the oppressive farmer and found a government based on the principle of equality:  \\"All animals are equal.\\"  The pigs are more intelligent and so have the leadership roles in the new Animal Farm.  There is a pig counterpart for Trotsky and Lenin and Stalin and every other leader of Russia from the revolution until the 40's.  The plot to Animal Farm parallels the history of Russia.  Things go from idealistic to very bad, and eventually \\"All animals are created equal, some are more equal than others.\\"
All three novels follow exploits of explorer Allan Quartermain.  All three novels, although most centrally She, include the powerful idea of the Woman a primal force seen through the eyes of a man not a feminist.  Also all three are currently analyzed for racism, since they are written by a British person and set in Africa.  But regardless of analysis all are action packed well written stories that are easy to read. <br /> <br />Plot summaries: <br />She - The title refers to She Who Must be Obeyed.  In this novel Allan Quartermain is charged with looking after a deceased friend's nephew, Leo.  They travel to Africa in search of a discovery that was also left to Leo - an advanced and hidden civilization in the heart of Africa. <br /> <br />King Solomon's Mines - The sequel to She also stars Leo and Allan on another quest for a hidden and advanced civilization.  This time the civilization is not ruled over by a powerful queen, but features warrior women. <br /> <br />Allan Quartermain - Three explorers journey into the heart of Africa in search of the usual.  This time they find a civilization ruled over by twin queens.  Things get complicated when one of the explorers falls for a queen. <br /> <br />Basically these are good fun adventure stories.  I recommend reading She first, since it has been analyzed by Sigmund Freud, and generally is treated as serious.  Like all of the stories She was written as entertainment.  If you like that one it is worth it to read the other two novels.  Even though the plots all deal with tough women rulers/warriors in the heart of Afica, they are different in the details and not at all repetitive.
1984 is extremely influential on the way we as a society label each other and our government with names such as \\"Big Brother\\" Orwellian and such.  These names like calling someone a Nazi allow us to appear to argue but actually allow us to dodge the real issues.  This is fairly ironic considering the origin of such terms.  Basically 1984 is set in London in the distopian future.  Orwell wrote it in response to Stalin's corrupting the ideals of Socialism.  He was a socialist and so was really bothered by that failure.<br /><br />The plot to 1984 isn't so important as the setting.  Basically the story follows Winston Smith.  Smith harbors less than perfect views of his environment, for which he will one day be arrested regardless of his actions.  Not loving the government (thought crime) is the only crime that is recognized.  Hidden cameras and microphones are omnipresent in the city, included mandatory TVs which can't be turned off, only show a single government station and contain hidden cameras through which \\"thought police\\" may monitor what is in front of the TV at any time.  Social interaction doesn't exist, since that would be considered weird and therefore criminal.<br /><br />There are three classes of people in London:  Inner Party members, Party members like Winston and the proletariate, who aren't watched so closely because they aren't considered human.  In this world Winston goes from merely not liking the government to engaging in unusual behavior.  He starts by buying decorative antiques at a proletariate shop and progresses to having a girl friend, who he can only meet with in remote country side settings on account of social interaction is not allowed by the government.  It is obvious to him that he will one day be taken to the Ministry of Love, a windowless building which handles law enforcement, and never fails at getting thought criminals to love the government.<br /><br />The novel is always dark.  No happy beginning, no happy middle and no happy ending.  Still it is important to read it before throwing around terms like \\"Orwellian\\"  It has been so influential on society that it is required reading - if you want to pass your tenth grade English.  Failing to read is a sign of insurgence against the government.
Spiritual Leadership focuses more on introspection and being a leader than on how to get things done.  It is divided into 22 chapters, and it isn't a long book.  Each chapter covers one aspect of what a leader should be, including relevant scriptures and examples from the lives of more modern spiritual leaders.  Each section is packed with info and it is better to read each separately and study it.  Just reading the book straight through is not likely to result in you getting as much information. <br /> <br />As I said above, the emphasis here is on being a leader.  The first chapter is a discussion on ambition and why one might want to be a leader.  The introspective and God centered view runs through the book.  Even in dealing with leading a group the emphasis is on keeping an open prayer relationship with God and on aspects of how to do that.  Every chapter is based on scripture. <br /> <br />I recommend this book to christians only, since the entire basis for what Sanders is saying is biblical.  This is a book you will want to refer back to periodically so it is better to buy than borrow.  Read the first chapter on amazon to see if the book will be helpful to you.
All three novels follow exploits of explorer Allan Quartermain.  All three novels, although most centrally She, include the powerful idea of the Woman a primal force seen through the eyes of a man not a feminist.  Also all three are currently analyzed for racism, since they are written by a British person and set in Africa.  But regardless of analysis all are action packed well written stories that are easy to read. <br /> <br />Plot summaries: <br />She - The title refers to She Who Must be Obeyed.  In this novel Allan Quartermain is charged with looking after a deceased friend's nephew, Leo.  They travel to Africa in search of a discovery that was also left to Leo - an advanced and hidden civilization in the heart of Africa. <br /> <br />King Solomon's Mines - The sequel to She also stars Leo and Allan on another quest for a hidden and advanced civilization.  This time the civilization is not ruled over by a powerful queen, but features warrior women. <br /> <br />Allan Quartermain - Three explorers journey into the heart of Africa in search of the usual.  This time they find a civilization ruled over by twin queens.  Things get complicated when one of the explorers falls for a queen. <br /> <br />Basically these are good fun adventure stories.  I recommend reading She first, since it has been analyzed by Sigmund Freud, and generally is treated as serious.  Like all of the stories She was written as entertainment.  If you like that one it is worth it to read the other two novels so buying them together is cost effective.  Even though the plots all deal with tough women rulers/warriors in the heart of Afica, they are different in the details and not at all repetitive.
Courageous Leadership is a book on leadership from a christian perspective.  However the advice given is very practical and usually not biblical.  The author, Bill Hybells, is pastor of Willow Creek Community Church in South Barrington, Ill., a huge huge church, which wasn't always huge.  He frequently relates the point he is making back to his experiences with Willow Creek.  He also brings in examples from corporate business models to illustrate points.  He relies on worldly rather than scriptural evidence.  This has benefits and drawbacks.  For me an obvious drawback is that I'd like to see scripture.  On the other hand presenting his views as he does makes his advice more action oriented.  If you are in a leadership position then you can do it now. <br /> <br />The advice given is good and can be put into practice quickly.  I particularly liked chapter 7 on styles of leadership; visionary, organizational etc.  It helped me to see that I am more of a visionary leader and to see from that why certain positions felt a bit like beating my head against a wall while others were much more comfortable. <br /> <br />Courageous Leadership is a very practical book on leadership that gives good advice.  I recommend it for christians, and not just pastors, since as Hybells points out leadership applies to peers as well as people we are \\"in charge of\\".  It might be a good book for non-christians, since the advice can be followed either way, but the whole christian thing might put someone off.
Purpose Driven Life consists of 40 short (about 5 pages) passages meant to be read one a day for 40 days.  Oh, by the way in case you weren't already aware, the intended audience is people who have salvation through Jesus, other wise Warren's arguments won't make sense after about chapter 3. <br /> <br />Although Warren gives lots of scripture in every chapter, the way he does it really really bugged me.  He uses \\"modern\\" and off the wall translations.  He says that he does this to make the reader think, but it just means that I was forever looking things up and so it was slow reading.  He does cite scriptures, but usually in the form of end notes at the back of the book, so it is fairly tedious to even know what part of the bible he is quoting.  Also the details of what he is saying aren't always accurate.  At one point he ascribed a psalm by Asaph to David.  There are more errors, but why list them.  So, um, some more editing would have been nice.  Take what you read with a grain of salt. <br /> <br />One really awesome and productive use for this book is reading it as a group and then discussing each section.  I've done this, and you learn so much about the other people and the bible.  Also other people see things about you that you don't notice in yourself, so for me I got much more out of group discussions than from the sections that I read and didn't discuss. <br /> <br />So if you read this then read it in a group.  But if you read this, then be careful to check facts if something is particularly discouraging or encouraging.  The information is often misleading and occasionally incorrect.
Basically the approach in Systemic Parenting to focus on building a relationship with your child.  It isn't a how-to book in terms of discipline them this way, potty train them by this age, etc.  So it will more help you to see the \\"big picture\\" than give you immediate advice on what you need to do.  Of course with a grasp of the big picture you can figure out how to treat specific situations.  So the advice in Systemic Parenting is more verstile, but less immediate.    I really appreciate the focus on the relationship and bond between parent and child.  It is something that tends to be taken for granted in lieu of more immediate issues.  However the advice here is not immediately practical, and the presentation is text-booky and dull.    I recommend passing on Systemic Parenting.  ...  The premise of Systemic Parenting is an excellent one, but the presentation is not so hot.
The Big Book of the Unexplained seeks to explore unexplained phenomena in comic book form.  Subjects touched on include:  aliens, the Loch Ness monster, glass skulls, mummy curses and many perhaps too many more. <br /> <br />There are some obvious benefits to exploring such phenomena in graphical form.  Namely a picture is worth a thousand words.  After all when one is talking about a photo of a UFO or the Nazga plains, having the visual evidence there is much better than describing the visual evidence.  That's a nice theory but it doesn't happen.  Almost all the illustrations are artist's conceptions.  Also because there are no photographs, only artist's drawings from photographs, this book actually eliminates or distorts visual evidence for UFOs and Nessie.  In both cases photos exist and have been central to debates on the existence of the phenomena so it is stupid to omit photos. <br /> <br />This book could have used some focus.  It has something like 40 chapters each covering a different topic and some as short as two pages.  However the topics tend to overlap and so does the information presented.  For example the same photo allegedly of Nessie's flipper is brought up and referenced in bad drawings at least three times.  This leads me to believe the book was very poorly outlined before being written.  Coverage of subjects is broad, not deep and sources for information aren't given, so The Big Book of the Unexplained is sure to disappoint scholars and the curious alike. <br /> <br />The Big Book of the Unexplained fails.  Avoid this book.  It isn't up to the quality of other books in The Big Book of.. series.  At most one could pull some names and dates (which aren't always given) from the book and go from there.
The Cartoon History of the Universe is an excellent series.  Volume one covers history up through the death of Alexander the Great. <br /> <br />One thing that I really like about this series is the good research that went into it.  Although sources are not given in footnotes or interspersed in the text, there is a bibliography, and Gonick includes enough detail to make it possible to verify the facts he states.  So basically it is well written and doesn't use being a comic book as an excuse to be sloppy.  I wouldn't feel odd about citing it as a reference on a term paper, and completed the pre-med tract - no history of modern comics 101 for me.  Another nice feature is that humor is usually in the form of little anecdotes that actually happened and not slapstick.  History is full of colorful characters and so it can be presented interestingly with a bit of effort and research.  Gonick does that. <br /> <br />I recommend The Cartoon History of the Universe to everybody.  The humor and visuals are nice to apply to a subject which can seem like a dull stream of names and dates at times.  It is a good supplement to a history class, because it covers in depth some things that tend to only be included in history classes for the sake of political correctness.  For example, Gonick includes a section on early civilizations in India which we don't have much written data on since the language et al has been destroyed by conquerors.  Because the civilization was darker skinned and later its people became lower caste, most history book present it only in an effort at political correctness.  Gonick's treatment doesn't have the normal cheesey feel.
All three novels follow exploits of explorer Allan Quartermain.  All three novels, although most centrally She, include the powerful idea of the Woman a primal force seen through the eyes of a man not a feminist.  Also all three are currently analyzed for racism, since they are written by a British person and set in Africa.  But regardless of analysis all are action packed well written stories that are easy to read. <br /> <br />Plot summaries: <br />She - The title refers to She Who Must be Obeyed.  In this novel Allan Quartermain is charged with looking after a deceased friend's nephew, Leo.  They travel to Africa in search of a discovery that was also left to Leo - an advanced and hidden civilization in the heart of Africa. <br /> <br />King Solomon's Mines - The sequel to She also stars Leo and Allan on another quest for a hidden and advanced civilization.  This time the civilization is not ruled over by a powerful queen, but features warrior women. <br /> <br />Allan Quartermain - Three explorers journey into the heart of Africa in search of the usual.  This time they find a civilization ruled over by twin queens.  Things get complicated when one of the explorers falls for a queen. <br /> <br />Basically these are good fun adventure stories.  I recommend reading She first, since it has been analyzed by Sigmund Freud, and generally is treated as serious.  Like all of the stories She was written as entertainment.  If you like that one it is worth it to read the other two novels.  Even though the plots all deal with tough women rulers/warriors in the heart of Afica, they are different in the details and not at all repetitive.
The Cartoon History of the Universe is an excellent series.  Volume two covers history from the death of Alexander the Great through the fall of Rome and includes Chinese history up through around 0 AD. <br /> <br />One thing that I really like about this series is the good research that went into it.  Although sources are not given in footnotes or interspersed in the text, there is a bibliography, and Gonick includes enough detail to make it possible to verify the facts he states.  So basically it is well written and doesn't use being a comic book as an excuse to be sloppy.  I wouldn't feel odd about citing it as a reference on a term paper, and I actually did cite this one.  Another nice feature is that humor is usually in the form of little anecdotes that actually happened and not slapstick.  History is full of colorful characters (Nero anyone?) and so it can be presented interestingly with a bit of effort and research.  Gonick does that here. <br /> <br />I recommend The Cartoon History of the Universe to everybody.  The humor and visuals are nice to apply to a subject which can seem like a dull stream of names and dates at times.  It is a good supplement to a history class, because it covers in depth some things that tend to only be included in history classes for the sake of political correctness.  For example, Gonick's history of China is in depth and covered with the same research and humor as the European history.  In most history books the sections on China are very stiff and PC.  To me this book is valuable if only for the section on Chinese history.
I read Bizarre Colorado when I was working as a guide in Rocky Mountain National Park and looking for stories with local flavor.  The stories here definitely have flavor.  Basically the book relates stories with odd or macabre elements which took place in Colorado.  Many of them are wild westy, since Colorado started out being settled by trappers and ranchers.  Cannibalism, a huge grizzly bear, vendettas, gun fights and lynchings are all included.  Stories are told with detail and with photographs interspersed, and not much sensationalism. <br /> <br />If that sounds interesting to you then you will probably like Bizarre Colorado.
A Contract with God tells the stories of people living in a tenement in 1930's New York.  The format is similar to comic book, but more like illustrated text, because there is about one frame per page.  Maybe this is because the stories are more serious than the comic genre usually deals with, and altering it here is a way to get this to a different audience than the usual comic book crowd. <br /> <br />The stories:  The Super tells about the super in a building and shows different kinds of monsters in society.  A story about a street singer - in the 30's out of work people might go from block to block and sing in the streets in the hopes of money being tossed out the windows to them.  A story following people's vacations.  SIngle people pretend to be rich on vacation in the hopes of snagging a rich spouse.  I particularly liked this one (and it ends happily). <br /> <br />Th stories here are not for kids since there is a lot of sex and desperation.  However these are well done comic book stories, and would be good for someone who is into or new to the genre.
The Spirit Archives contains reprints of Will Eisner's early Spirit comics.  I was pleasantly surprised by the comic.  The Spirit is really reporter Denny Colt, who everyone believes to have been killed, but is really alive and now hiding in the local cemmetary and emerging to fight crime.  The Spirit is the kind of hero I prefer.  He uses judo or whatever kind of fighting technique would work as well as Mac Gyver like on the spot gadgets to fight crime.  He doesn't have super powers.  So he's kind of like a normal guy, except for he is extremely talented. <br /> <br />Things I liked about The Spirit:   The crazy villains.  There is a new one almost every episode, and they range from an ape with a human brain to a lovesick clown.  The Black Queen is also nice.  She is kind of like an evil master-mind who also dresses in evil villain costumes and runs around personally doing evil and looking hot.  Also the comics are nice because the plots vary a whole lot from episode to episode.   <br /> <br />Things I didn't like:  The editing is really tight.  Because The Spirit came out once a week on 7 pages and they tried to fit a whole story into those seven pages, things are really crammed in there. <br /> <br />Also included are a couple of brief introductions.  One is a general history of the comic.  The other is an introduction buy comic book writer Alan Moore, which discussed the impact of The Spirit on the genre of comics and on the young Alan Moore.  These extras were interesting for me, because I hadn't heard of the comic before checking this out from the library.  The Spirit is in print because it was influential on the whole comics medium.  And it is still fun to read.   I recommend checking out one of the books in The Spirit Archives series and if you like it then there is certainly plenty more.
The Spirit is a crime fighting hero who uses ingenuity and physical skill, rather than super powers, to defeat evil.  He is witty likeable and politically incorrect.  The comic pioneered many layout techniques and so many super heros are modeled after The Spirit.  The story lines and comics hold up even now more than 60 years later and I recommend for comic book fans to try out the series. <br /> <br />Volume 15 contains Spirit comics published from July 6, 1947 to December 28, 1947.  They feature P'Gell and The Octopus among other villains.  The introduction is by N.C. Christopher Couch, co- author of The Will Eisner Companion. <br /> <br />I recommend this series to all comics fans.  The Spirit was very influential and the stories are still good to read now.  I recommend that libraries consider purchasing the entire series, because this is a unique opportunity to archive the entire run of a very influential comic.
Basically The Spirit is a crime fighting hero who uses ingenuity and physical skill, rather than super powers, to defeat evil.  He is witty likeable and politically incorrect.  The comic pioneered many layout techniques and so many super heros are modeled after The Spirit.  The story lines and comics hold up even now more than 60 years later and I recommend for comic book fans to try out the series. <br /> <br />Volume 7 of The Spirit Archives contains reprints of comics written from July 4 - December 26, 1943.  During this time Eisner was still absent (he had been drafted).    In Volume 7 The Spirit returns to his roots.  Rather than fight Nazis he focuses more on the home front.  He must save love-interest Ellen Dolan when when she is framed for a murder.  As in the first volume The Spirit is himself framed for a murder and must evade the police as he fights crime.  Also in a return to roots The Spirit is up against femme fatale villains in a kidnapping story. <br /> <br />Purists will complain that The Spirit was better with Eisner in charge.  These comics still hold up.  On the other hand I would recommend this for die hard fans only.  If you are new to the series then try out any one of Volume 1-4 or 12 or higher.  Will Eisner (after whom the Eisner Award was named) had creative control of those volumes so they are more historically significant.  I recommend Volume 7 along with the rest of the series to libraries, because this is a unique opportunity to archive the entire run of a very influential comic.
I read A Clockwork Orange to  help with studying while I was taking Russian in college.  (The slang used by characters in the book uses words similar to Russian.)  I was pleasantly surprised by the story.   <br /> <br />The plot follows 15 year old juvenile delinquent Alex.  He enjoys ultra-violence, a popular but illegal sport, raping women and girls, and classical music.  Alex tells his story to us heavily laden with slang.  The first person approach it kind of freaky because Alex is so... normal.  Unlike the violent and sexual explicit movie, the book isn't graphic.  What Alex is doing is more graphic than in the movie (at one point he rapes two nine year olds), but he doesn't describe it graphically.  He just does what he thinks will be fun.  If he sees something he wants he takes it  As he explains stealing a car he likes is like picking fruit from a tree. <br /> <br />Alex ends up arrested.  He is offered early release if he goes through a \\"deconditioning\\" program.  The program will deter him from crime.  It works but it has unexpected side effects.  His whole thought process at this point is disturbing since he still wants to rape and beat, but then he is also revolted by violence.  He wants the deconditioning undone. <br /> <br />This book is more of a pleasant curiosity than a must read.  The movie kind of played up the deconditioning and simplified or focused things depending on how you look at it.  The book has more issues, including a peaceful disturbing ending in which Alex lumps his violent tendencies with childhood.  The book is also good conversations material.
About four years ago I taught myself HTML with some guidance from a roommate who knew HTML.  After I had built a small and sparse webpage I was given HTML for the World Wide Web (a predecessor to this book) as a christmas gift.  I brushed it off since I learn better by doing and generally don't find manuals useful. <br /> <br />Later I started using it as a reference, because it has a really great index and the layout is such that it is easy to find what I want on the page.  The descriptions of how to implement this and that are very easy to follow.  So later when I started tutoring others in HTML I recommended this book to them.  I am on my third copy now, the others having been loaned and drifted away. <br /> <br />If you want to learn HTML and are just beginning then buy this book.  This is the only book you will need for a long time even after you have mastered HTML.
From 1963 to 1981 Perkins worked for an international consulting firm where his main job was to convince third world countries to finance infrastructure improvements by taking out loans from the US government.  Basically Perkins and his colleagues would convince the country to take a loan out from the US government, World Bank or another source for foreign aid.  The money was intended to improve that country's infrastructure and help it to advance in general.  Perkins and colleagues engineered the plans such that the infrastructure improvements would be done by US companies.  So the money would end up mostly back in the US economy and the country would be left in debt.  Perkins and his colleagues privately referred to themselves as \\"economic hitmen\\", a term that illustrates their job.  According to Perkins, the debt also implies a certain amount of control by whoever had issued the loan in the first place.    In Confessions of an Economic Hitman, Perkins describes specific cases in which he was involved including Indonesia, Panama and Columbia.  He also focuses heavily on the middle east and various machinations there.  Oil is vital to first world countries so that was an area that got and gets heavy focus.  Perkins eventually left the economic hitman job because he was morally against it.  Since he left quite a bit of time has elapsed.  This is both a strength and a weakness.  It could be argued that Perkins' information is stale.  However the elapsed time reveals the long term effects of the system he describes.  He spends one quarter of the book following up (and speculating) on countries which he helped \\"hit\\"  Basically the infrastructure improvements weren't a panacea and now these countries are in debt.    One factor left out of discussion is the issue that when country A owes country B money, then country B will tend to support country A in the hope of being paid back one day.  For example early in US history Alexander Hamilton worked at getting credit for the US and putting the US in debt simple to get the non-financial political support that came with the debt.  So debt and credit is very complex.  (Also the US government is currently in debt.)    Confessions of an Economic Hitman describes a situation that more people should consider.  Especially we should examine foreign aid more closely and not just assume that it is given altruistically.  However, as described above, the US' past strategies in handling seem to go against Perkins' views.
Rider Haggard's Cleopatra tells the story of the legendary queen as shown through the eyes of Harmachis, an Egyptian physician and priest of Isis.  It is written from the point of view of Harmacis at the end of his life.  He is old and recounts his life story.  Like so many others he was obsessed with the beautiful Cleopatra, and so he tells her story as much as his. <br /> <br />Unlike most admirers, Harmachis actually gets involved with Cleopatra.  She pushes him to reveal secrets of Isis (including the location of hidden treasures of the pyramids) to further her political ends.  Throughout the story, the reader is left wondering whether Cleopatra really does love Harmachis.  Sometimes she seems only to use him and she does betray him every time.  But one has to consider that Harmachis comes from low class parents, so actually ending up with him might not be an option for her.  She seems to really love him and maybe she really is trying to arrange things for them.  Her power over him is complete, possibly because she doesn't know what she wants. <br /> <br />The setting and story are lavish.  After all, this is ancient Egypt, complete with hidden treasures of Isis. At the same time the story is about more timeless issues - love and betrayal and love vs religion.  It has the right blend of action, emotion and awesome settings to keep me interested all the way through.  And the ancient setting keeps Cleopatra from feeling dated, as do some of Haggard's other novels. <br /> <br />I highly recommend Cleopatra to anyone into 1890's stuff, Egyptian stuff or adventure novels.  This is my favorite Rider Haggard novel.
Rider Haggard's Cleopatra tells the story of the legendary queen as shown through the eyes of Harmachis, an Egyptian physician and priest of Isis.  It is written from the point of view of Harmacis at the end of his life.  He is old and recounts his life story.  Like so many others he was obsessed with the beautiful Cleopatra, and so he tells her story as much as his. <br /> <br />Unlike most admirers, Harmachis actually gets involved with Cleopatra.  She pushes him to reveal secrets of Isis (including the location of hidden treasures of the pyramids) to further her political ends.  Throughout the story, the reader is left wondering whether Cleopatra really does love Harmachis.  Sometimes she seems only to use him and she does betray him every time.  But one has to consider that Harmachis comes from low class parents, so actually ending up with him might not be an option for her.  She seems to really love him and maybe she really is trying to arrange things for them.  Her power over him is complete, possibly because she doesn't know what she wants. <br /> <br />The setting and story are lavish.  After all, this is ancient Egypt, complete with hidden treasures of Isis. At the same time the story is about more timeless issues - love and betrayal and love vs religion.  It has the right blend of action, emotion and awesome settings to keep me interested all the way through.  And the ancient setting keeps Cleopatra from feeling dated, as do some of Haggard's other novels. <br /> <br />I highly recommend Cleopatra to anyone into 1890's stuff, Egyptian stuff or adventure novels.
Clearance and Copyright is a clear language guide to copyright issues as they affect filmmakers and to how to clear copyrighted work so that you can use them in your film.  It has sections on clearing the script, any music that can be heard in you film, clips from other movies, sculptures etc which may appear in the background and just about any issue that could come up.  At the end of each section Donaldson includes sample contracts which might be used to clear that particular item. <br /> <br />Overall this was a good introduction to copyright and how to clear copyrighted materials for independent filmakers.  It was easy to understand, practical and helpfull.   ..except for the glaring error that I noticed and presumably others that I didn't: <br /> <br />I read the 2nd edition released in 2003.  In a discussion on what is in the public domain (in my book this was on page 46) Donaldson states, \\"Very old works for which the copyright has expired are in the public domain.  How old?  Take the current year and subtract 75.\\"  I am certain that this is false.  In 1998 the Sony Bono Copyright Extension Act leangthened all copyrights by 20 years.  So really work made before 1998-75 years (1923) are in public domain until 2018 at which point works made 95 years before the current year will be in public domain.  I am not an expert on copyright law and I noticed this error which makes me wonder what errors I didn't notice.  I am assuming that this error is a throwover from the first edition that nobody caught.  That doesn't keep Disney from sueing you if you rerelease Mickey Mouse's Steamboat Willie (published in 1928 and so according to Donaldson free for the taking today in 2004). <br /> <br />I don't recommend this book, only because of the glaring inaccuracy that I found.  If you have to double check information then you are wasting your time.  What this book is good for is a clear language book to get you thinking about the issues.  You will be thinking about the issues, but you may also be mislead about the details.  And as Copyright and Clearance makes clear you need to be very picky with clearance issues.
The Go-Girl Guide is an excellent book to turn to in times of emotional what-to-do what-to-do crisis.  Why?  Because the advice here is specific enough to follow and therefore help you focus on doing something. <br /> <br />As opposed to many self help books which offer general advice, the advice in The Go-Girl Guide is specific and can be acted on now.  And you don't have to know where you want to go.  The advice for that is on how to try new things and get the most from internships - a kind of career sampler. <br /> <br />For example what I'm most interested in right about now is career. Bourland's discussion of things to think about when you are considering careers is very nicely balanced and includes some good suggestions that wouldn't necessarily just occur to someone in my demographic.  For example she advises contacting an older woman in the prospective field and interviewing her about her career.  The questions she suggests are wise and include ones dealing with balancing work and family which isn't something the average career orient 20 something woman thinks hard about. <br /> <br />One big flaw with The Go-Girl Guide is the very heavy focus on sex (and the author's tendency to define herself in terms of her present boyfriend).  There is so much focus on sex.  For example the chapter I liked so much and discussed above is 16 pages long, while the chapter on having an orgasm is 18 pages long.  There is also a discussion of one-night-stands and other advice that maybe isn't the best plan for every girl in her 20's.  Four of fourteen chapters are dedicated to dating and sex.  Advice about boys isn't a bad thing, but the advice isn't coming from the best person.  I skimmed over the dating sections, because elsewhere in the book Bourland has a tendency to refer to her present boyfriend WAY TOO MUCH.  Being in love is great and all but it is so important to be sovereign and I get the feeling that she isn't.  Probably it is a personal weakness of the author to define herself in terms of men and only to see it later.  In fact she expresses sadness over past failed relationships. <br /> <br />The advice put forward in Go-Girl Guide is either very practical and helpful in that it can be put into action immediately, or it is about boys and not such good advice because it comes from an insecure person.  The book is definitely worth getting and taking advice from.  Just ignore the advice about boys.  And as for sex advice, you are on the internet aren't you?
Unleashing the idea virus is short and covers one simple idea:  ideas spread through a population like viruses and by working from this point of view we can tailor and present our products/ideas for maximum spread and persistence.    Godin's idea is a simple one and relevant.  Basically consumers have progressed to a point where they stop paying attention once they realized that they are being advertised to.  So advertisers have to find a new approach.  Godin's suggestion is that advertisers make it as easy as possible for consumers to recommend a product to one another.  By using the analogy of a contagious idea to a virus spreading like a force of nature, he points out examples of successful products that have benefitted from this type of hype (whether or not they intentionally created the hype).    The main problem I have with this book is that it is starting to feel dated already and it only came out 4 years ago.  Most of the examples Godin uses are internet-based.  For example he describes the hot new cartoon that was circulating when he wrote Unleashing the Idea Virus.  Rather than illustrating his example I found myself on a trip down memory fondly recalling 1999.  This happened quite a bit.    So Godin has a compelling idea that makes sense with regards to marketing, however his presentation is very dated and it distracted me.  This is a short book so it is probably still worth your time to read it.  I recommend Malcome Gladwell's The Tipping Point for a much less dated and to me more interesting discussion of similar issues.
When I read Pattern Recognition I couldn't put it down.  Its not an action packed thriller- it just moves along well.   <br /> <br />The plot deals with Cayce Pollard, a marketing consultant who is paid to judge whether or not a proposed corporate logo can and will impress the public.  In her personal life, she frequents an internet group that searches for and discusses \\"the footage\\" - short clips of a movie that are posted to the internet by an unknown person or persons.  Because of her involvement as a footage fan Cayce is employed by Blue Ant, a company she sometimes works for, to find out who is making the footage.  The idea is that the footage has generated a huge following with many websites and chat rooms dedicated to following it, that it could somehow be useful for advertising.  She is given an iBook, a cell phone and a no-limit company Visa card to help in her search, so obviously the company takes the assignment very seriously. <br /> <br />The side plots and world depicted are the real interest for me.  There isn't so much sci-fi in the way of gadgets and hacking.  Cayce ends up realizing that her friend's computer, which she has been using, may have been tapped.  There is no technical explanation of how to tap and untap the computer.  Said explanation would be Greek to Cayce anyhow.  Rather the sci-fi elements involve how corporations and advertising work.  One of the minor characters has a part time job going to bars and casually mentioning products to members of the opposite sex.  Its an experiment in a new marketing technique.  And in fact the whole plot is driven by the idea that clips of film with an underground following could be used to market something somewhere.  Basically the whole corporate espionage thing is discussed from a social non-technical point of view.   <br /> <br />The settings for Pattern Recognition are also well done.  Throughout the story Cayce hops planes between Tokyo, London and elsewhere.  London is described through Cayce's thoughts as being a \\"mirror world\\" to the US.  Car interiors and the streets they drive on are turned inside out from the US world and food etc is subtly different.  The side trips to Tokyo etc seem a bit frivolous, although once again we meet Taki in Japan and that is a nice little subplot. <br /> <br />The major weakness in Pattern Recognition is that Cayce Pollard is not the most interesting character.  She has a phobia about logos and this dominates her life.  She removes all logos from clothing she wears and only wears black, white and grey clothes that are as utilitarian as possible.  She constantly repeats the phrase, \\"He took a duck in the face at two hundred and fifty knots\\" which helps her to not freak out.  She is only interesting because interesting things are happening to her and she meets interesting people. <br /> <br />So basically Pattern Recognition is well written with interesting subplots and a well done setting, but with a dull main character and a plot that shows us an interesting world with interesting people, but could stand some polishing.  Well I liked it anyway.
I bought Quicksilver when it came out because Neal Stephenson is about the only novelist who I follow.  So maybe that work up is what left me disappointed.  Quicksilver is a meticulously researched science fiction set around around 1650-1700.  It follows the lives of Daniel Waterhouse, a naturalist and member of England's Royal Society, Jack, a clever vagabond with mental disorders due to an advanced case of syphilis, and Eliza, a rescued Turkish harem girl originally from Ireland.  These characters mix with various historical figures and live out the history of the time. <br /> <br />The historical detail is the greatest strength of Quicksilver.  Real historical figures and real history influence and are sometimes influenced by the story's main characters.  Period processes of finance and science are described in meticulous detail in the various digressions.  The flow and interaction back and forth had me wondering how much was fiction, and this kind of seamless mixing of the fictional and real is inspiring in terms of what good fantasy writing can be.  This would be a great book to read in conjunction with studying for a history/medical history class because of the detail and accuracy and entertainment value. <br /> <br />Basically I didn't like Quicksilver.  For me the digressions into science etc dragged and didn't hold my attention.  Since it is the first part of three, I keep hope alive that it will finish out well.  Presumably the series will be extended past three books and connect Quicksilver to Cryptonomicon (by the same author but set from WWII to the present).  If you haven't read Cryptonomicon may I suggest it as an alternative.  It is similar in terms of real life science fiction set in the well-researched past, but it held my attention much better and the sciencey digressions were more connected to the story and entertaining. <br /> <br />I recommend Quicksilver most to those interested in history circa 1700.  Others could read a bit at the library and decide if they like it enough to finish.  And forget finishing on a library copy.  This book is long and intricate.  Better to buy.
Maus is Art Spiegelman's comic book format biography of his father who was a Polish jew during WWII.<br /><br />For me a great strength of Maus is that it doesn't sugarcoat things.  I don't mean that it focuses on the horrible Nazis.  They are there but because they were there during WWII, not because the author has an axe to grind.  I mean that for example Vladick (Art Spiegelman's father) has all sorts of personality hang-ups like never ever throwing anything away.  A good chunk of the story takes place in the present, so we see clearly Vladick's obsessive traits.  As is implied these are probably the result of starving hiding etc for extended periods during the war.  But that doesn't keep the aggravation these traits cause, especially for Art Spiegelman, from being shown.<br /><br />There is a big focus on economics.  In Auschwitz so many cigarettes equals a bottle of vodka - so many pieces of bread equals a shirt.  Outside of the concentrations camps money (and indirectly food) is everyone's focus.  People hide jews for money.  People (including jews) turn jews in for rewards.  Almost all of Maus is focused on getting by and not on kindness.  As Vladick tells 5 year old Art in the opening pages \\"Lock them together in a room for three days without food and you'll see what it is friends\\"<br /><br />So basically Maus is an up close glimpse into one family's experience with the holocaust.  It isn't an overview.  There is no attempt to connect Vladick's story to the \\"big picture\\"  And the body of the book is free of statistics.  That isn't a weakness.  Maus is a biography, not a history book.<br /><br />I recommend Maus.  It is an interesting and gritty look at the holocaust from one family's perspective.
I'm not sure that The Confessions of Aubrey Beardsley was based on his life at all.  Written in the form of a pseudo autobiography by Beardsley, it includes descriptions of Aubrey Beardsley the child being molested by an elderly patron of the arts and having sex with the family maid.  And the story line progresses in much the same way through his adult hood. <br /> <br />This book is so crammed with smut.  I'm sure if half this stuff were true I would have read about it elsewhere.  Its not like the sex stuff is likely to be left out of a biography.  I want footnotes!!! <br /> <br />Basically The Confessions of Aubrey Beardsley is a collection of smut tied to a famous person's name.  Avoid it at all costs.  Since Bearsley looked to the 1700's as the peak of aesthetic taste, follow his lead and start with the Marquise de Sade.  Or just find a newsgroup that caters to you. <br /> <br />Gack!!  I wasted my time here.
I was surprised to see that Tourist Season was published almost 20 years ago.  It is still a good read today and the issues are still the same:  people coming to Florida to retire and die and people coming to Florida on vacation and exploiting the state and the natives. <br /> <br />For me, as a resident of Florida, Tourist Season resonated with my concerns.  Tourism creates jobs but they are bad jobs.  And despite the Everglades and opportunity for ecotourism, most tourists come to Florida to enter the brightly painted plastic and concrete world of Mickey.  Retirees present longer lasting problems.   <br /> <br />The title \\"Tourist Season\\" is a clever pun on one group of concerned citizens' plan to deal with tourism.  In an attempt to reduce Florida's image as one big happy sunshiny beach they being a series of planned attacks on tourism.  The idea is to scare off the tourists to protect Florida's ecosystem and economy.  Killings and kidnappings are the plan of attack.  What seems like an obvious warning to the anti-tourist revolutionaries - a dismembered city official covered in sunscreen and placed in a suitcase with a rubber alligator in his mouth - is written off by police as an oddity and not a political message. <br /> <br />Tourist Season follows an ex-reporter's attempt to find the killers and the killers' attempt to get the press to notice what they are doing so that tourists and retirees will stay out of Florida.  It is entertaining and cleverly written.  If you aren't Florida and even if you are the constant environmentalist messages may bother you.  Hiassen definitely has a one issue approach for why tourists are bad. <br /> <br />Tourist Season is full of dark humor that still resonates today.
Dancing Naked in the Mind Field is a collection of essays on semi-random topics.  Kary Mullis, winner of the nobel prize in chemistry for inventing PCR, probably couldn't get away with saying most of this if he hadn't won a nobel prize.  And he knows it and implies it. <br /> <br />Common subjects dealt with are explosions (the aspect of chemistry that got Mullis interested as a child) and hallucinogens and other drugs.  Another common subject is stupid things that slide in science today and why they might be sliding.  For example Mullis describes the success of his first published paper in Nature.  As a grad student he published a theoretical paper on time travel.  First Nature published it.  Second it got a lot of press and he was referred to as \\"Dr Mullis\\" in news articles despite being a grad student.  When he tried to publish on PCR he had to shop the article around and published in a less well read journal.  This probably affects his views on other subjects:  the hole in the ozone layer is a non-existent problem (as if we could noticeably change the atmosphere), HIV doesn't cause AIDS and might not exist (well we've never isolated HIV, there isn't a tube of it somewhere to study), colesterol doesn't cause heart disease, etc. <br /> <br />He backs up his unconventional views by pointing out the lack of scientific evidence to support other people's theories.  As he points out \\"everybody knows\\" isn't a reference that should fly in a journal article.   <br /> <br />And Mullis points out whether or not his hunches are testable.  Alien abduction (which he experienced and describes) is not testable because the experiment can't be duplicated.  Astrology being the major indicator of personality type can be studied and tested.  Mullis also brushes on traveling through the astral plane as long as we are talking about popculture wierdness. <br /> <br />Dancing Naked in the Mind Field is good fast reading.  The writing is always entertaining and very accessible with humor.The issues Mullis raises are good to think about, especially regarding scientific bias.
That's what I kept thinking when I read The Big U in 2001 about half way through my undergraduate college experience.  I connected so much with the setting (a giant university with bureaucracy and paperwork and 20 story dorms and little subcultures that become resident's realities)  and the characters.  This could be about any giant university now. <br /> <br />The story follows the lives of 3 students at Megauniversity:  Casimir Radon, the 30 year old junior who saved up for college imagining something very different than he finds, Sarah, a Senior student, and Ephraim Klein, a philosophy major.  The story is narrated sometimes in the third person and sometimes first person by an assistant professor who lives in the dorms in a sort of RA position and has a better understanding of the way the Big U works than most.  The Big U follows these characters month by month through one school year in college - September to May.  The story is really about the University but the characters give it context. <br /> <br />In September each encounters problems with bureaucracy.  Sarah has been assigned to live in the foreign non-English speaking maintenance staff's lounge and can't be reassigned to another dorm room without signatures of professors for classes that she can't yet register for due to a holdup with that paperwork.  Ephraim has a jock roommate who he hates and has other problems in that he is a philosophy major.  Cassimir has finished his first two years of physics at a community college, but can't transfer the credits because he didn't take physics with an emphasis on socioeconomics. <br /> <br />After experiencing college this is so realistic.  (I spent my senior year taking sociology classes as part of a general graduation requirement and took my first 1000 level class my last semester.) <br /> <br />As the story progresses to March things fall apart within the student body as well.  The frats can't distinguish fantasy from reality.  The Dungeons and Dragons crowd have the same problem.  Pranks get bigger and bigger until the campus is a war zone literally.  The plot sounds bad and this is probably why people gave the book bad reviews, but getting there is fun and it comes across as plausible. <br /> <br />For Stephenson fans The Big U may be disappointing.  It lacks the digressions into technology that he is so fond of.  Instead the book can be viewed as a series of short daydreams in the form of pranks played by the students: a golf cart is retooled by engineering majors into a miniature tank - all the toilets in an umpteen story dorm building are flushed at once - things people plan and speculate on but no one ever gets around to doing. <br /> <br />So maybe from this review the book sounds bad.  It sounds that way, but it is not.  This is one of the best books ever.  I bought it and loaned it to fellow students whenever possible.   <br /> <br />If you are currently attending a Big University or have graduated, then buy or borrow this book as soon as possible.  If you went to a sane college, or didn't go at all then don't bother.  This book parallels life so well its scary.
AIDS: A Second Opinion provides a good overview of the controversies and differing opinions surrounding AIDS.  (There is a general lack of scientific proof for much of what we think we know about AIDS.  For example no one has isolated HIV from everything else in a white bloodcell.)  Null focuses on science more than social factors but does address social factors by analyzing how they can unconsciously influence scientific thinking.    For me this book's greatest strength was in not having one specific theory to press.  For example Duesberg, a prestigious scientist who writes often about our lack of evidence that HIV can cause AIDS, has the view point that AIDS is caused primarily by drug use.  Much of what Duesberg publishes on AIDS is concerned with supporting this theory.  Null on the other hand presents evidence and what we know about the various theories on AIDS and gives a general overview.  He discussed our lack of knowledge about HIV and the lack of evidence for it causing AIDS, but later assumes the viewpoint that HIV causes AIDS to discuss co-factors and theories about where AIDS may have come from.    Among the subjects Null touches on:  does HIV cause AIDS?, effects of long term drug use on the immune system, toxicity of AZT, theories on the origin of AIDS (including discussion of government manufactured disease), HIV vaccine feasibility, trends in vaccine research and alternative therapies.  Basically the information presented is comprehensive and frequently not kosher.  Null gives reliable references for what he is saying and refers to scientific journals where appropriate.  He also tells the reader when he thinks that a theory is a bit over the top and if the theory has not been tested or is not testable (as with a comparison of AIDS and mass hysteria).  He includes some theories including conspiracy theories for the sake of being comprehensive.  For example, a discussion of AIDS maybe being introduced by aliens is included.    As I said Null extensively references his work.  This is a scholaly book (in the sense of being dry) and might be slow for some people because of the way it is written.  It is also long.  Amazon has it listed as 400 pages but my copy is 618 pages long (and then some with the appendixes).  For me it was a fast read and very interesting, but maybe not a fast read for everyone.    AIDS:  A Second Opinion is an excellent resource for those who want a better understanding of the disease.  This should not be the first book to read on the subject.
Ten Things... began with a graduation speech that Shriver gave at her brother's university.  When she was asked to give the speech nerves almost pushed her back from it.  After she gave the speech those who had heard it were deeply moved and she was asked by friends for copies and by more commercial sources to write it in book form.  So this advice is back by popular demand, which is never bad.    Here Shriver describes the 10 things that she wishes someone would have told her at her college graduation.  She describes her personal experiences learning each of these lessons.  The fact that she relies on and honestly relates her personal experiences is a great strength for the book.  Her experience rings true and brings life to the lessons that she presents.    I am 23 and would tend to benefit from Shriver's advice.  Some of the lessons I've already learned but those that I haven't I think I have to learn for myself.  So even though what Shriver says is true and very practical it isn't going to change what I do in life.  Mostly I think I might remember reading this later and say \\"Yup, I should have taken that advice.\\"  This isn't because I'm stubborn (even though I am).  Rather it's because the lessons presented are very general and not specific how-to's.  So this advice isn't going to help you fix your problems here and now.  That said the 10 things are well chosen and relevant.    Ten Things... presents good advice but this advice will only really make sense after learning those life lessons from life.
Master of Villainy was an entertaining biography of Sax Rohmer, the serial author whose most famous creation is the fictional crime lord Fu Manchu.  Van Ash began his writing career under the tutilage of Sax Rohmer, who coached him in tweaking his stories and submitting them.  This puts Van Ash in a unique perspective to write a biograhy of Rohmer.  (Rohmer's widow Elizabeth collaborated on the project, which always helps.)   <br /> <br />This background contributes to the biography very nicely.  Van Ash, like Rohmer, was a serial author, so the facts presented here are described and paced for maximum entertainment value.  Instead of beginning with a description of Sax being born and a sketch of his childhood Van Ash starts by describing a night on which Sax went missing in London's Chinatown and Elizabeth went to look for him.  As Van Ash says he uses the character Fu Manchu to introduce the author rather than vice versa.  The conventional biographical facts presented here string together anecdotes regarding Sax's life that highlight mysterious events and eccentricities in Sax and his aquaintances.  This makes for a very entertaining read. <br /> <br />Van Ash's background as Sax's friend also gives the biography certain weaknesses.  Often the anecdotes that Van Ash relates are entertaining and pertinent.  However trivial and dull anecdotes are mixed in.  For example, Van Ash relates the story of how the family cat freaked out and stared at something behind Rohmer one evening while he was writing.  Later Rohmer realized that he had been writing about an Egyptian goddess with an affinity for cats.  Had the cat seen it???... duh duh duh dunnnnnn.  Van Ash has good narrative style but he spends more than a page describing this.  Another flaw is that the entire biography is incredibly positive.  Descriptions of the twenty year old Sax loosing every steady job he gets are described cheerfully.  Affairs he has on his wife are treated positively too.  Van Ash is adament that Sax started the affairs without really meaning it, and then kept them going because it would be rude to disappoint the ladies.  Scandals are entertaining and an unauthorized biography would definitely be more fun in this area. <br /> <br />(Right now the lowest priced used copy at Amazon is about 65$ and 4 of the 5 used copies for sale are former library copies, so in the whole scale of supply and demand maybe someone should reprint this.  Just wanted to throw that in.  The vinyl covered edition also has a cool picture stamped in the vinyl.) <br /> <br />All in all this was a pretty good read.  I recommend this book to anyone remotely interested in the subject matter.  At the very least you will be entertained.
Copyright's Highway is not an overview of or introduction to copyright law.  Rather it gives clearly written descriptions of the histories of some influential court cases relating to copyright and slanted towards copyright issues on the internet.  Despite the title this book is very much slanted to the celestial jukebox and away from Guetenburg - after the second chapter we are in the 20th century. <br /> <br />Goldstein presents the history of copyright law in the US through court cases and not laws.  The three cases described in great detail each with a chapter to itself are Williams and Wilkins vs the United States in which it was ruled that libraries can make xeroxes of copyrighted material, the Betamax Decision and a discussion of a lawsuit in French courts in which Ted Turner was blocked from showing a colorized version of The Asphalt Jungle in France.  With the exception of the French case, which shows how US copyright law is based on very different principles than in Europe, these are cases that are getting alot of attention right now as people try to make sense of the internet.  Trying to reconcile US copyright with copyright laws elsewhere is a big issue but not as pressing as for example whether I will be arrested for downloading all those mp3s.  Many other cases are discussed in less detail.  The selection of cases is excellent and it would benefit everyone to understand these cases.   <br /> <br />The final chapter of Copyright's Highway looks to the future and gives various speculations about what will happen with copyright on the internet.  Here the idea of the Celestial Jukebox, a sattelite from which all information in existence can be accessed by people on earth for a price, is described.  Other issues include the pending lack of historical data because electronic publications can be modified and restrictions on copying can contribute to there being one source for any document, so older editions are not available for comparison.  This chapter tiesin the history Goldstein has described with restrictions and freedoms that will affect us in the near future.  It may also date this book as time passes. <br /> <br />I reccommend Copyright's Highway to those who want a better understanding of current issues in copyright and how we got where we are in relation to copyright.  It is very readable and presents detailed facts in an entertaining way.
Nickeled and Dimed has an interesting premise: an upper middle class woman tries to live on wages of an unskilled jobs in three different locations in the US.  Here Ehrenreich describes her experiences doing just that and tries to relate these experiences to a larger frame of reference by laying out statistics about the US. <br /> <br />From having done this and that over the summers while in college and having spent the past year earning 3.85/hour plus room and board I can sort of compare my experiences in accessing Ehrenreich's book.  Two things that made Ehrenreich's experiences harder than they probably would be for a person who was living the life that she was trying to visit are that she moved around frequently and she wasn't as frugal a shopper as she could have been.  The moving around means that she was always starting fresh.  From my experience after about 2 months in a city I know where to go for this and that and my expenses drop.  Also she wasn't the most frugal person.   When she had to get khaki pants on short notice for a waitressing job, she spent 40$ on pants with a stain from a discount store.  In Florida (the same state) at about the same time I had to get khaki pants on short notice and found them for 15$.  I'm kind if fat and so there was less of a selection for me than for someone in a more common size.  I doubt that normal people in such jobs would spend 40$ on pants.  15$ felt like alot to me.  From Ehrenreich's description she didn't bat an eye at 40$ <br /> <br />Ehrenrich's descriptions of co-worker's plights are more realistic.  While it isn't so hard to get by at poverty level (unless you get sick like missing work sick) I have trouble imagining how to raise a family on minimum wage.  Descriptions of co-workers whose food budget was tiny are common.  I kind of wonder how these people felt about being quizzed.  I feel that there was too much focus on rent and food.  These are big expenses but they are predictable.  Once one finds a way to make ends meet that's stable at least. <br /> <br />One aspect of being poor that I feel was neglected was the lack of medical care.  Insurance coverage is expensive and if it doesn't come with the job then that is a big budgeting item.  Also jobs without benefits are the one that pay less.  Also the difficulty in getting sit down work if one gets injured is a huge issue.  Ehrenreich kind of touches on these with statistics and concern for a co-worker with a sprained ankle respectively, but she spends most of her time discussing how the nations poor can't buy food or make rent and trying to make poverty an immediate life or death issue.  For me poverty is about not having a safety net. <br /> <br />When I was working for 3.85 and room and board (no benefits at all) I had a co-worker with higher pay use this book to explain how easy I had it.  At the time I was trying to scrape together enough for a dental visit and pay some work related expenses.  (I had switched jobs and underestimated the fees for work related training and equipment.)  She was angry that I was having trouble getting cash together because that reflected badly on the company.  Which brings me to a point:  Everyday you are in contact with someone who is living at poverty level.  Because they shower and know how to get by you may not realize this.  The starving limping people Ehrenreich describes aren't common, but that shouldn't be used to undercut the problems faced by poor people who are not in an emergency state right now.  It seems to me that many of the people I know who have read this book have strange ideas about the poor to begin with.  So if you haven't been poor for a while then don't make this your only source for info about it. <br /> <br />I reccommend Nikeled and Dimed, but take it with a grain of salt.  Ehrenreich is a tourist of poverty and has a shallow impression not a deep understanding of the issues.
From Hell is very violent.  Well duh it deals with the Jack the Ripper killings.  This book was also very sexually explicit with lots of nudity and sex scenes and bisexual hookers and all sorts of stuff that can lead to puns on the term \\"graphic novel\\" <br /> <br />The story is an interesting take on Jack the Ripper.  From the beginning we know the identity of the killer.  We know more about him than any of his victims.  The research and non-fictional elements were the highlight of the story for me.   There are many details about London geography and the setting that added to the feel of the story.  There were also endnotes, which gave some factual sources for what was happening in the story and there was an illustrated history of true crime books about Jack the Ripper which gave much of the credit for this particular theory to Stephen Knight's Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution.  Basically here the killings are a Masonic plot authorized by Queen Victoria that gets horribly out of hand.  There were some nice subplots about the prostitutes.  I especially liked the idea of the doomed Marie Kelly planning an escape. <br /> <br />The illustrations are a bit crude probably to give the book a raw feel.  They were a bit usatisfying to me because frequently they were just illustration and didn't do much to help the story along.  In some sections the illustrations added to the story particularily on the sequence illustrating the final killing and a sequence contrasting the morning routines of the killer with those of the prostitutes. <br /> <br />If you want to read this be aware of just how much violence and sex there is.
Lone Wolf and Cub tells the story of a samurai assasin who travels with his toddler son.  He uses his son to accomplish the assasinations, which was a big pull for me.  The ways in which a toddler can be used to get victims to let their guard down or otherwise manipulate them were clever.  This book contains the beginnings of a huge series in which the toddler grows up and many complex plot issues arise.  This first book in the series did an excellent job of setting things up without obviously setting things up.  The story flows well through the smaller self contained chapters each of which would stand alone well also.   <br /> <br />The concept of the father and very young son assasin team has been influential since this comic came out, most recently in Road to Perdition but other stuff too.  Occasionally I hear about Lone Wolf and Cub and I recognized the title when I saw this.  Historically this comic is important because of the influence it has had on art in general. <br /> <br />The drawings in Lone Wolf and Cub were good.  Page layouts were excellent.  Some of the images stuck in my head after reading.  The copy I read was tiny - about postcard sized pages.  This keeps cost low, but I would have preferred to see the pictures reproduced larger even if it raises cost.  So if in the future a larger scale edition is available then try to find that one.  Eigther way the graphics were excellent. <br /> <br />I recommend Lone Wolf and Cub to one and all with the reservation that there is violence and nudity.
The Tipping Point presents the theory that in society a small cause can have a small effect a small effect and then a large effect.  For example, crime tends to rise and fall sharply (perhaps in the span of a year) after remaining constant for several years.  In other words trends apply to many more aspects of the world than we intuitively feel that they do. <br /> <br />Gladwell addresses word of mouth advertising to spread ideas and trys to identify just what \\"tips\\" an idea - what makes that idea spread and get really big.  He identifys three types of people who are very influential in determining what ideas become prevalent in society:  connectors, mavens and salespeople.  According to Gladwell, Connectors are the sorts of people who know everyone.  They don't know them well, but they know them and can get in touch with them again if they have to.  So they can pass messages between strangers who would benefit from knowing one another and spread a new idea to a large number of people. <br /> <br />But I delete most mass emails (you know, the five forwards a week from the connectors in my life), so just knowing people and spouting information at them is not so effective.  Hence Gladwell's idea of Mavens.  Mavens are people who are really into something.  Whatever they are into that's what they are a maven of.  When they are exposed to something related to what they are into they will research it and friends who know they are into it will tend to ask their advice.  So their opinion of something new matters very much because others will look to them for judgement.  A good example is an investment strategy.  A maven for this is into different types of investments and friends would naturally tend to ask their advice, so for a new plan to become popular is much more likely if it appeals to these people. <br /> <br />And Salesmen are people with contagious personalities who can change other people's minds.  If someone with this personality type happens to like an idea and talk about it then that will contribute to the idea's popularity. <br /> <br />So we are presented with the idea of three influential personality types who determine through intricate coincidences what the general public knows.  For each of these examples Gladwell goes into digressions in which he give historical examples of the personality type and finds and interview one example of each from today. <br />  <br />Obviously what the idea is has something to do with whether or not it spreads.  According to Gladwell, inherent in the idea are Law of the Few, the Stickiness Factor and the Power of Context.  (here the book begins to apply to marketing strategies)  The Law of the Few is basically that some people are much more likely to take risks and try new things.  If they pick up on something then at least its out there.  Most of the examples Gladwell give for this relate to fashion trends, although adoption of hybrid corn is an example of something less arbitrary in which statistics show that a few farmers adopted it then a few more and then everybody else.  The masses watch how things are working out for the experimental few and then if things are good the masses follow. <br /> <br />The Stickiness Factor relates directly to advertising.  How many commercials have you seen which you remember clearly and yet the product being advertised is forgotten?  To demonstrate the Stickiness Factor Gladwell gives many examples from children's television.  For children repetition and centering on the screen the idea being taught (for example letters with the muppet behind them on Sesame Street) are very effective for the children to remember what they saw.  Here he deals with psychological studies and what determines what sticks in people's heads. <br /> <br />Gladwell's discussion on the Power of Context describes how environment affects people much more than one would intuitively believe.  He gives examples of waves of suicide in which a publicized suicide subconciously gives \\"permission\\" to others.  He also describes the sharp drop in crime in New York in the 90's.  In this case the police focused heavily on small crimes.  For example, they removed all graffitti and kept graffitti off the subway.  Gladwell also cites psychology studies which point to environment being very important in determining behavior. <br /> <br />The Tipping Point was an interesting and entertaining read.  If you read it, read it because you are curious.  It doesn't give practical advice on marketing, rather it just provides theories on how the world works and give evidence for those theories.
Ghost in the Shell takes place in the future populated by cyborgs - people with mechanical parts.  The stories follow a team of assasins and through their exploits we get to see the world they live in. <br /> <br />There are definite philosophical metaphysical concerns in Ghost in the Shell.  If a person has mechanical parts at what point do they stop being human?  The definition of life is dealt with from a legal standpoint by Team 9.  In court cyborgs are evaluted to see if their \\"Ghost\\", the part of them that represents their inate humanity and not programming, is responsible for crimes they have committed or if the crimes are a computer malfunction.  One of the plots running through these stories deals with \\"The Puppeteer\\", a computer program which has become self aware and developed a ghost. <br /> <br />Introducing these philosophical concerns in an action heavy plot makes for a nice balance.  By making humanity a legal technicality the philosophy is made neccesary to the plot and flows well. <br /> <br />I also liked the sciency footnotes (and endnotes), which pepper the pages of Ghost in the Shell.  They explain this or that bit of real technology which could lead to this bit of fiction being real.  Basing science fiction on real science tends to be a bit silly but it is fun to see. <br /> <br />The graphics in Ghost in the Shell are good.  Each chapter starts with a few color pages and the rest of that chapter in black and white.  This makes for a nice balance where I've got my color pics but the book doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  The drawings themselves are well done.  I probably would like many of them much more if I were a guy though. <br /> <br />I highly recommend Ghost in the Shell.  It was fun to read and cleverly written.  I hope it never goes out of print.
Stardust tells the story of people mixing with the fairy world circa 1830's England.  In the village of Wall there is a gate that is guarded and has been guarded continuously for centuries, because the gate is an entrance to the world of Fairy.  Every nine years a fairy market is held on the other side of the gate.  At the begining of Stardust, Dunstan Thorne from the village of Wall falls in love with and sexes a fairy girl.  Nine months later a baby in a basket is pushed through the gate with a nametag labeled Tristan Thorne.<br /><br />Tristan grows up unaware of his parentage.  He and half the village are in love with the very beautiful Victoria Forester.  One night as he walks her home he begs for a kiss.  She refuses.  They see a shooting star and on a whim Victoria promises Tristan any request including marriage if he brings her the fallen star....  which landed on the other side of the wall.  It is clear (to us) that Victoria is only joking with Tristan, but 17 year old Tristan takes the quest very seriously.  So Tristan sets off on his journey into fairy land.<br /><br />Hence flows the rest of the story as Tristan finds the star, which or rather who turns out to be a young looking and ageless woman, and trys to bring her back to Victoria while protecting her from other interested parties with less picturesque plans.<br /><br />Stardust is a cute little fairy story.  Tristan's naievety and kind heart carry him through his brushes with the strange world he finds on the other side of the wall.  Things end happily if not in the way anyone expected.<br /><br />Stardust is a fairy tale for adults, and caters to Gaiman fans.  Some of the characters overlap Sandman and other comic books.  But Stardust takes place in a selfcontained world and the story flows well, so not having read a whole bunch of comics won't keep you from following the story and enjoying it.<br /><br />I recommend Stardust.  It is a sweet little fairy story.
Recently I have been getting into copyright law and trying to understand it.  Lessig's book gives a very good overview of the issues surrounding copyright today.  My mother is a librarian, so I grew up vaugely aware of copyright issues.  I was aware of the Sony Bono Copyright Extension Act when it was passed in 1998 and knew that it extended existing copyrights by 20 years.  I was also aware of the 1976 change in copyright policy which significantly leangthened copyright terms.  However I didn't realize that these acts affected so many documents. <br /> <br />... Mostly because I assumed that copyrighted works were registered centrally so that there was a way of verifying ownership.  They aren't.  There isn't.  And I assumed that if someone didn't register the work then it wasn't copyrighted.  I was wrong.  Because of the US adopting the Berne Convention in 1988 all works are assumed copyrighted the moment they are created.  Also currently any use of a whole or part of the work or any derivative use is illegal without the copyright owner's consent. <br /> <br />This creates serious problems for artists. <br /> <br />As things currently stand any work created after 1923 may be under copyright.  This would not be a problem if it were easy to check to see if that work were under copyright.  However with no central registering system it is very very difficult to find a copyright owner or to find if one exists.  Lessig describes in Free Culture the steps one would have to go through to publish anything which samples from a work.  He describes a retrospective of Clint Eastwood which was actually assembled.  In order to publish this the team assembling the retrospective had to clear the rights for film clips they were using.  According to current law this meant each person in the scene as well as the those involved behind the scenes in filming had to give consent.  In this case the team spent one year tracking down each person including film extras and offering these people 600 dollars each to use clips that they had acted in and been paid for 20 or so years prior.  To publish media which samples other works the publisher must buy lawsuit insurance so it would be neccessary to clear any exerpts used in any documentary etc.  (What makes the system more ironic is that in 1923 and in fact until 1976 that maximum leangth of time that a work could be copyrighted was 56 years.  Works were registered and copyrights had to be renewed after 28 years.)  So it took a team with funds a year to clear the rights to about 60 film clips from well known films.  For a single artist with a starving artist budget that could take a lifetime. <br /> <br />This is not a problem if an artist is reeditting songs and movies as long as no one finds out about it.  However if that artist makes it big then the possibility of someone finding out about it and sueing goes up.  For example if a person makes a short video for their website which plays a popular song in the background it is unlikely that anyone will notice and sue.  That person won't be able to commercially publish the video and get money without clearing rights.  But something far more sinister is that if their website becomes popular and really takes off then the chance that someone who can sue them will become aware of them go up significantly. <br /> <br />This leads to a disscussion of \\"fair use\\"  Lessig makes clear in Free Culture that Fair Use is only a defense that can be used after someone sues.  He provides many case studies in which a normal person was sued and with their normal savings account realized that a legal battle would take more money than they had.  In one case a college student who had put a search engine on his website was sued because the search engine was being used to find and exchange mp3s.  In this case the student was sued for 15 million, realized that to fight in court would cost about 150,000 which he would not be able to reclaim even if he won the suit, and so settled out of court for his life savings of about 15,000.  Similar stories show that fair use is the tool of whoever can afford more lawyers. <br /> <br />Therefore current copyright law restricts most artists while allowing large corporation which can afford lawyers more freedom (but expensive freedom). <br /> <br />Another issue raised is that out of print books movies etc that are still under copyright are totally gone under the current system.  That is if you want to get a copy, to make a copy to preserve the art which is stored on perishable paper film or tape, then you can't.  Only about 2 percent of copyrighted works in 1923 are still in print.  The rest aren't making anybody any money and aren't available even if you want to pay.  In this case most artists would probably prefer their works not be copyright for the current 70 year minimum since that makes the complete erasure of the work from culture highly likely. <br /> <br />Lessig proposes two solutions to this problem:  requiring registration for copyrighted works and requiring a renewal after 50 years.  Both the registration and renewal would provide someone who wanted to use the work with a central location where they could find out who owned the copyright.  Copyright ownership is currently unclear in a system where copyrights last for the life of the author plus 70 years, and finding an owner is not always feasible as things stand.  Here a weakness arises in that Lessig doesn't highlight a central organization that is pushing for copyright reform.  Finding ways to get involve will take research.  At the same time I realize that this weakness keeps the book from becoming dated as current affairs change. <br /> <br />Overall Free Culture is an excellent discussion of copyright issues.  It covers history, constitutional basis for copyright, current issues especially as they effect and often limit emerging technologies and proposes solutions with rational for those solutions. <br /> <br />I recommend that all aspiring artists writers and musicians read this book.  The language was easy to understand and Lessig does a good job of making convoluted legal issues accessible.  I read this straight through.  No kidding.  I also very much recommend that libraries buy this book.  I cannot imagine a library which does not have patrons who would benefit from a clearer understanding of copyright law and this book provides an excellent overview.
The Codebreakers provides an excellent thorough history of cryptography.  (Keeping in mind that it was written in the 1960's.)<br /><br />I tried to read this book straight through.  In retrospect that wasn't the best idea.  The writing is very dry.  I got through it by stopping to work out the cryptographic systems described with pencil and paper.  I guess I understand cryptography better but it took lots of paper and time (well that's cryptography for you;).  Well actually I started skimming after a month of that so I didn't quite get through it.  What I am trying to illustrate is that the writing is very dry.  I'm interested in the subject and I had trouble slugging straight through.  Be forewarned.<br /><br />So what to say what to say?  If it happened in cryptography before the 60's then its in here, or at least I don't know the subject well enough to notice omissions.  If you are into cryptographic history then get your hot little hands on this book.<br /><br />I recommend this book highly for university libraries (you need it) and maybe for some public libraries (just so someone can get to it with interlibrary loan).  The Codebreakers is great as reference material.  Anybody writing a paper on cryptography is going to want it if they are doing a good job with writing that paper.  If you are the type of person who would benefit from owning such a reference then you already know who you are and you might just own this book already too.
Books of Magic is the story of a boy, Tim Hunter, who is confronted by 4 mysterious strangers.  They give him a choice:  live in the world of science, as he has so far, or enter the world of magic.  Each takes him on a journey to reveal what entering the world of magic may mean.  This provides four stories - one for each journey. <br /> <br />For me the streangth of this comic book is the graphics.  They were very well done and colorful.  My favorites were pages with a semi-abstract montage feel.  Normally I'm all about the black and white accompanied by the lower price tag, but in this case the art is worth the price.  Very few of these pictures could have been done as effectively in black and white. <br /> <br />The story was pretty good overall.  There were many intrusions by established comic book characters.  Usually these bother me because I am not that into comic books and have no idea what is going on.  Here they mixed in well and didn't detract from the book.  The page layouts flowed well, especially for the final story in which Tim is taken into the future by the blind guide, Mister E.  Characters reappeared from story to story so the whole book hung together well.  It wan't memorable but it wasn't hard to read eigther. <br /> <br />One thing you probably have noticed if you have looked at the cover of Books of Magic, which shows a kid with glasses and disheveled hair and an owl is \\"Hey isn't this like Hairy Potter.\\"  Nope they are pretty different.  (Books of Magic was published first and I haven't seen anything about it in the media, so I'm assuming it's all a big coincidence.)  Unlike the Hairy Potter books, Books of Magic has sex references and violence (at one point Tim Hunter wades through a river of blood) so read it before you give it to your darling little children. <br /> <br />I recommend Books of Magic if it is easily accessible.  The art stands out, but for me the story wasn't memorable.
Mea Culpa is most noted for being an experiment at making a comic book with no words.  There are some words (There are words in the form of diary entries and letters in which most of the page will be scribbles and a sentence or a date will be legible.  Also titles of books and films are sometimes shown in the background and help to set the mood.), but no dialouge and very very few words.  The lack of words was the only thing that I knew about this book before finding it to read.  Supposedly this was a big never-been-attempted-before innovation.  I doubt that a wordless book is anything new.  I'm sure that I read such books as a child, but maybe I just couldn't read yet and my memory is playing tricks on me.  Still using just graphics to communicate plot worked well here.  <br /> <br />Graphically the book was interesting.  By this I'm not refering to the draftsmanship.  It is good, but that is normal for comic books.  Rather the way in which sequences of images work together to tell a story and create a haunting mood is a major streangth.  That mood is not \\"happy\\" nor is the ending or much leading up to it.  So if you want a peppy happy book then avoid Mea Culpa. <br /> <br />The plot deals with a boy who learns at school that cruelty results in popularity.  He wants a relationship with his father, who is divorced from his mother and sends him child support checks and letters.  (!!The rest of this paragraph may be a spoil, but it does give these plot bits away in the blurb on the back of the book.!!)  He ends up getting away with murder just before he leaves for college.  The ending shows him all grown up and rising in politics, presumably by being not so nice, and parralleling his getting ahead in school.  Then the murder resurfaces. <br /> <br />If downer endings don't bother you then I recommend reading this book if you can get a hold of a copy.  Finding a copy may not be easy, since this is out of print.  Many of the images from the book stuck in my head after reading this, so it is good for reading more than once if that helps decide how hard to look for a copy.  I would also recommend this for libraries and especially for people to donate their copy to a local library if they don't like it.  The experimental concept and this particular story are good to have available to the public.
I was drawn to In the Shadow of Edgar Allan Poe by the nice cover art and nice printing.  These held out, and the entire book is very nicely manufactured and printed.  And for me the very nice manufacturing (and hefty price to match) was the only thing I got from this book.    The story concerns a scholar who has been loaned a memoir which may or may not have been written by Poe just prior to his death.  This memoir starts with Poe agreeing with several demons that they may accompany him through his life.  From there on Poe's talents and relationships are stolen or corrupted and destroyed by the demons.  He starts off talented in his own right but ends up drinking and not doing much else.  Really, the story could be about a fictitious author of the past.  It isn't about Poe, so why title it Poe except to drop a name.    The graphics inside were very nicely printed.  Pictures were photographed and models were named in the credits section similar to a movie.  The art itself didn't appeal to me.  It was more of the same when I turned a page and not breath taking.  Nothing really grabbed me, and art matters in a graphic novel.  The photography thing is more a conceptual thing that could work than something that works here.    I wouldn't recommend buying this or even reading it.  High quality printing would be better used on just about any other type of graphics - from art boks to a different comic book - and the high quality printing is the only memorable thing about this book.
