I found this book had some very helpful comments about teaching English Language Learners.  It supports Bilingual and Dual Language Programs and encourages support of programs that help students maintain and use their home languages in the schools.  This is often forgotten in the push to have students learn English.
This issue is very good.  I especially liked the article on Ruwanda.  The killing is chilling.
This is one of the best issues of Granta I have ever read.  It's wonderful.  I agree with the other reviewer that the title story is the issue's only downside.  My favorite story is about a psychiatrist who by a rabbi to treat a Hasidic community.  From parent's who have hidden away psychotic relatives to women feining OCD to get out of child-bearing, I was absorbed from beginning to tragic end.  A terrific issue.
This edition is dedicated to Mothers.  Good mothers, bad mothers and the every day variety.  If a mother has played an important role in your life, you may enjoy this edition of Granta.
Film is glamorous and fun and this issue of Granta captures that feeling.  There are great articles about film makers from Satyajit Ray, Kurosawa, Hitchcock and more.  I really enjoyed it.
A very pleasant book about a teddy bear made like a polar bear and left unbought in in a toy shop.  When will someone see how special the little bear really is?  As with all happy Christmas stories, someone does come along but it is a sweet story just the same.
I love the entire series for children who are emergent readers of all ages.  It really gets them going and they tend to really find an enjoyment in reading.
I thought this book would be boring because I am not generally interested in archetecture, but it wasn't.  I found myself being absorbed and actually learning about a topic that I didn't know much about.  I highly recommend this book and will share it with my students.
This book is based on the song \\"She'll Be Coming Around the Mountain\\" and kids love it.  If you get  the audio CD with the music, they even have more fun.
A great story about an old man and a young man who play the harp.  The old man works out of common decency and the younger man is tempted by greed.  Well let the leprechauns take care of it.
This type of book is very helpful to students learning English or who are learning to read.  It is not necessarily for young children, but older kids and adults who need information but can't read more complex text (at least in English).  The pictures help provide information and support the text.
This book provides a great DBQ for social studies.  It is also a moving and important document that has relevance today.  Our greatest First Lady wrote this document and was instrumental in developing the United Nations.  I was glad that I picked it up at the FDR Presidential Library and will use it in my teaching.
This is a giant sticker book with plenty of cool animal information.  The book includes ancient life too.  Kids will love this book and it contains very good factual information to read after the stickers get in the right place.
This book not only discusses great strategies to use with older students but lists them in an easy to use and reference format.  I'm glad I chose this book over others because it is easy to hold and use.  It is easy to understand too.
This is a very nice book about New York State.  It is great for the 5th grade curriculum.  Kids love the shape.  Lynn
A new book series from National Geographic is really great for emergent readers of all ages.
This is a very detailed resource book on teaching intermediate students about story writing.  It provides good examples of writing from popular books and is interesting to really look at and read.  I love it.
I haven't tried it yet but I'm betting that this book will be great in helping my students create a project about a state.
I thought this book was really helpful for me.  It helped me prepare to teach with several Newbery Award winning books.
I loved this book.  I am a fan of Oz but not a huge fan.  The book gave a strong voice to the show and I loved that way the diary of Augustus Hill illuminated the episodes and the shows without being a plain episode guide.  It was well written and absorbing.  I thought it was quite entertaining and led me to understand better.  There are also non-fiction excerpts from books, newspaper articles, etc. which illuminate how the prison system in America functions.  Good book.  A good read.
I really do like Eve Bunting's books and this is no exception.  It is well written, simple and charming.  A great book for Mother's Day.
This shark is afraid of everything when he finds out that he is not as afraid as he thinks he is and discovers that others can be afraid too.  A very cute children's book, especially as a read-aloud for parents.
This is a terrific series for those who are teaching emergent readers and ESOL students.  This books are presented in simplified, clear language for readers, followed by photos to reinforce concepts.  This series is great and helps me quite a bit with higher readers learning social studies concepts too.
Good for young children or emergent readers.  ESOL kids will enjoy this method of learning reading and being introduce the concept of circle in English.
Joy Cowley dreams up another simple fun book with pictures of great detail.  It reminds what I have been missing, not looking at photographs of chameleons rather than drawings.  The photos are spectacular!
I hope it is more of a dream but this is a nice simple story about a mother and daughter who swim with dolphins.  An interesting story.
Get the concepts and practice the words for reading non-fiction.  Rookie Reads are really fun and great teaching aids for social studies.
This Rookie Readers are terrific!  Try them and they will have an honored place in your classroom.
Grandma thinks her grandkids are just perfect and they aren't naughty at all.  Young kids will find a lot to smile about as will grandparents and parents.  Charming!
This book is for emergent readers and ESOL students specifically but I also use them to reinforce and introduce topics to better readers.  They are quick easy reads which can help clear up the cobwebs of confusion at times.
Good introductory series for the environment.  I think this series is very good for emergent readers and to develop concepts for better readers.
This tells the story of mice stuck in a bad rainstorm and how they find safety in helping each other.  A very nice story.
This is one of the best Eyewitness books.  It taught me a lot not only about Leonardo DaVinci but also about the beginning of the Renaissance.  The focus on Italy was quite illuminating and I wonder why this topic is rarely introduced in school K-12.  Usually one has to wait until high school if not college to learn about the time period.  This book is a great introduction for students and I will share it with mine.
The emperor has no clothes but don't tell anyone else about it.  You may be stupid or unfit for your position.  This book has great illustrations and a great retelling.  Highly recommended.
Not especially my cup of tea but I know many kids who will think this is a riot.  Innocent (or not so innocent) fun.
I personally far prefer the non-fiction companions to the Magic Tree House Books.  The Magic Tree House books don't seem to have a lot of \\"meat\\" to them and aren't very interesting to me or many of my (...) grade students.  The non-fiction companions are truly absorbing and interesting.  I enjoy them quite a bit and look forward to getting more for my students, and forgeting the fiction books altogether.
This is a very good book for children.  It contains a lot of great information about Ancient Egypt.  I read another review by a reader who was offended by the thought that the Pyramids weren't built by slaves.  This was obviously a surprise to him but I had heard it elsewhere so it was no news to me.  There were slaves in Egypt and I'm sure they were badly used in other jobs.  They could have also been used to help build the pyramids, I doubt we will ever know exactly.  This is a good book and no reader should pass it up over one shocked review.  There's plenty of good information here and it is very interesting.
This is a terrific book about cats.  I didn't know they could see color!  There are many other interesting facts about cats written in an entertaining form.  Seymour Simon is a great non-fiction writer for children and this book is one of the best.  Maybe I'm just biased as a cat lover.
I liked the book but was bothered by some inaccuracies such as misreading the Thai words and letters.  Carolyn Marsden should have known what was written in Thai better.  It's not too far off, but enough to indicate ignorance of the Thai language, which she tries to share.  It's obvious she asked people to write the words and wasn't able to check for accuracy.  Khun Mere is the girl's mother, better pronounced as Maa (like a in apple), and Sawadee is never used without Ka for girls or Krop for boys after it, it's very rude to use that word alone.  These inaccuracies hurt the book in my eyes and I think better attention to Thailand would have erased the mistakes.
This is another worthy Miss Spider entry.  It's fun to think of Miss Spider as a mother and a wife.  She's definitely still in charge!  The rhyme is still there and fun to read.
This is a very nice children's book for Passover.  Good for parents to read to their children or older children to read to younger siblings.  Especially when they are waiting for dinner to be ready.
I used to teach at a Catholic school so I could have shared this book, but in public school, I probably wouldn't be allowed to.  Too bad,  religion has always been a major theme in art and if art is to be truly studied and revered, Renissance art shouldn't be ignored.  The paintings of this book include works by Raphael, da Vinci and others.  Of course, the naked pictures would shock too, when will we come to some sort of appreciation so that art can be revered and not be hidden away?
This book provides good information on Easter and is easy to read for those still in the emergent stages.  My students enjoy the rookie reads for clarifying information and getting a clearer idea on a topic.
This is a great book of Renaissance painters and others who created religious art using the bible.  It is well worth a look and keeping on your shelf for future reference.  Good job!
I didn't know much about Purim but teach multi-cultural holidays so I wanted to learn more about it.  This is the only book I found that described the holiday clearly for a novice like me and had a key so I could learn how to pronounce some difficult names.  I recommend this book for the classroom and at home.
I think this book is terrific and better than many \\"children around the world\\" books.  I highly recommend it and encourage others to buy it, pronto!
This is a nice easy reader about Passover.  Emergent readers will enjoy it while learning about the Passover holiday.
This book is very clear, basic, yet easy to read without becoming disinterested in the topic.  If a child wants a beginning reader on Passover, this can provide simple yet interesting information.
Not too complicated and not boring to read, that really helps this book become one of the best Passover books for kids.  I really think my students will enjoy this book and learn more about Passover as a holiday.
A really thorough, really good visual dictionary on flight.
I have lived in Thailand and this book is the best cookbook I have found in the US.  It made me very happy to be able to see Thai foods that are not offered in Thai restaurants in the US and not seen in other Thai cookbooks.  Now I can finally have my Nam Gabi and Soup No Mai.  (The spelling is different in the book.)  I was happy to see both the Roman lettering and the true Thai word for the dish.  It helps me figure out what the dish is and jogs my memory when reading the Thai.  Thai food is great and I'm happy to see the recipes and the Thai regional information included.
This book is perfect in a map unit.  It explains why people need maps and what directions - north, south, west, east actually are, and how the students themselves can find them.
This series (Festival Time!) is very good.  I enjoyed this book as much as others in the series.  It allows me to teach about holidays in a simple manner to young students or emergent readers.  Many books are too difficult or confusing.  Four Special Questions is a good Passover book.
I previewed this book for my class.  I found it very informative, direct, easy to read and utterly riveting.  My students will love it.
I highly recommend this book for Women's History Month and for anyone needing to find out information on First Ladies in easy to read, simple form.
I think this book will be very interesting to young, beginning readers who love dogs.  There are many of them too.  It is different than many other books because it mainly address' the animals their behavior as tame animals and wild dogs.
This book is great for kids who love sharks.  It is sassy, funny and breezy.  I recommend it.
Children often wonder how they fit in to the world.  This is a fun book for children and an eye opening one too.  There were children in the White House!  They actually played and had fun too.  Kids will love this book.
This is a great way for beginning readers to learn about cats.  The book discusses various cat behavior and provides some interesting tidbits for young readers.
This book follows the movie versions very closely and are great reading practice for young fans.  The 2nd - 4th grade girls will truely love it and will be very happy to have this book.
This is a biography for all those Star Wars fans out there.  If you want the understanding of a young Star Wars fan to expand, here's one way you can do it.  Begin with an easy to read, interesting biography of George Lucas.  It covers his early years (not doing well in school) and a growing interest in film in college.  George Lucas also had to study film and find out about its history.  The book is an eye opener for many youngsters dazzled by the glitz and confused about the hard work in the movie making world.  This book provides an easy but necessary dip into the pool.
This book gave Anarctica the personal touch.  While most factual books leave a reader with an unreal sense of detachment, this book personalizes and brings us closer to the experience a traveler would have if they visited Antarctica.  I loved the account of our author being visited by Emperor penguins and how she described the different kinds of ice to be found there.  I was able to get a clearer picture of the place and identify what travel must be like there.  I've heard of skidoos and some modes of travel before, now I have some sense of how it feels to use them.  The photgraphs enhance the author's account and I am glad to be able to share this book with my students.  I learned more about Antarctica from this book and am willing to believe they will too.
I think the Song Lee books are better than Horrible Harry.  The stories are more balanced and entertaining.  The other students are better drawn and Song Lee is a winning character.
The presentation of this book is clear and inviting.  I really don't know the sounds of the alphabet yet but I'll have some of my students teach me.  I was very pleased with my purchase.
This is a really wonderful book about Antarctica.  I have yet to find such a thorough book on the subject that was also easy to read.  I learned things I haven't heard before and the book clarified points for me that I had questions about.  I love the True Books, they are a great series.
I think this book is very good and it is well worthwhile.  I do worry about the emphasis on current politics in the book.  It might make it a more difficult read for children and possibly disturbing for my Afghan students.
This turned out to be a wonderful book.  I bought it without knowing a lot of its contents but reading The Bookseller of Kabul was entirely satisfying.  I was a Peace Corps Volunteer in Thailand and lived with a couple of Thai families.  I can identify with being the outside observer and could relate to the anger I felt when there was a clash of a cultural beliefs.  I was never more hopping mad in my life.  There is something totally disorienting about living with people from another culture in their country.  Most people who visit other countries do nothing more than hang out in tourist areas and have little contact with the people who live there.  Anse Sierstad has provided Westerners with her valuable experience.
This is a great book to use in the classroom for Native American units.  The photographs are by the famous Edward S. Curtis.  The quotes are from famous Native Americans trying to clarify their religious/ cultural beliefs to the US government and public.  It makes for an extraordinary, moving experience for students and teachers.  A great book to share.
This book is great fun and a good companion to Barbie: A Visual Guide to the Ultimate Fashion Doll.  It is great fun for a teacher of ESOL students and girls about the age of 3rd graders.  The children will love it and I have classic Barbies and clothes to share!
How could any child fan of sharks do without this?  They will love it!
Children will love this easy to read and facinating dictionary of snakes.
Very good reference book for children.  Easy to read and look up with good information.
There are many children out there who love to add this book to their collection!
This is an English translation of the \\"Four Reigns\\".  It is a very good tranlslation and very loyal to the Thai.  I think one of the reviewers hasn't thought about the differences in how Thai is written and English is used in literature.  English language readers may expect more elaboration than readers in Thai do.  I read this book as a Peace Corps Volunteer in Thailand in the early 90's.  It was a good way to access and understand better the history of Siam.  I personally loved the book!
This book is so great, I can't believe it should just be limited to young adults.  One of the best books about the Vietnam War ever!
I really like this series.  Students can read these books on their own and get a lot out of them.  They can also be easily read for a read aloud.  They are fun and interesting!
I found this book very entertaining and interesting and the average intermediate student will too!  It's good to have books that demystify and entertain at the same time.  A person will learn a lot more from this book than from a dry textbook.  Thanks!
I read the negative review of one listed reviewer who said he took two months to read the book.  Two Months!!!!!  I read it in two days!  This book is a very good maybe even better than good book about the Arab peoples.  I am a novice at all this history so I still don't firmly comprehend it all, but this book was a great introduction.  I can build on the knowledge I gained in this book and read more indepth books and articles later.  I highly recommend this book and it may be more comprehensible if you read it faster.  I hardly think you have to do it in two days, but two months??????!!!!!!
This book will become one of my Hanukkah favorites.  I thought it was really a moving story and believe that my students will love it.  I am not Jewish and don't have any Jewish students but teaching and learning about Hanukkah as well as other winter holidays is a great way to build understanding and tolerance.  The Hannukkah unit is definitely a favorite.
Kids love this book and it is very useful in my ESOL class for teaching the winder holidays.  Kids love to learn about them in my class then read about them in Horrible Harry.  The Korean New Year hasn't been one that I have been teaching so I'd love more information and missed Diwali, which was not included.  Good addition to the Horrible Harry series.
I love this alphabet series and since it rarely is found in paperbook form, I was lucky to purchase it post-holiday.  The text is very engaging and the the facts are great for older students.
This is a very nice beginning biography in chapter book form.  It contains good information about Lincoln and allows intermediate readers to understand his life better.
This is a great book to read in any language.  It is sweet and gentle and kids will love it.  The story is about a frog that sees what other animals can do and puts down all that he can do until... He learns to apprecate it!  I bought the bilingual version in Turkish/English so I could share it with my Turkish students.
A very good book for both black history and plant science.  The book is nicely written and allows the reader to get involved in George Washington Carver's life.  Highly recommended.
A good rain forest book for intermediate students.  They will enjoy it and the text and photographs are just right for them.
This book is a very good book for intermediate students.  Clear and high interest reading.
It is not only the biggest book of questions and answers that you'll find, it's the best!  I'm a teacher and this book included a lot of questions I've heard over the years from my intermediate and middle school students.  Great book, now I'll have a better answer and the students can read a bit more in depth.
I'd never guess in a million years how good this book is.  I'm a teacher so I pick up a bunch of strange books I wouldn't have looked at before.  This is very clever and my students are going to love it.  The girls will go nuts over the cute pictures and funny text.
This is a great book about the post office and how mail is sent.  The book is very comprehensible and understandable to most students.  Very informative without being dense.
This is a sweet book about a girl going to work with her librarian mother for the day.  A real delight.
This book describes the life of a hoop dancer for the Lakota.  I found it very informative and pleasant to read.  You get a real flavor for a person who has chosen to try to maintain the culture of his people.  It's not easy.
A really good book about turkeys and unlike any other.  I really enjoyed it and learned some things myself!
I haven't used this book with my students yet but after looking it over, it seems very  good.  I have a number of students who have trouble with time lines (big surprise) and this may help them.  Passage of time is a very difficult concept for young people.  Especially when the past seems all jumbled up together.
This book helped me a lot with feeling more confident about writing my own poetry and teaching poetry to my ESOL students.  If only more books could be so friendly and clear.  A terrific achievement.
This book is interesting and fun.  Readers of different levels can read and enjoy this book.  It is easy for most people.  Really enjoyable for all.
With alll the bad rap that Islam has gotten lately, it's nice to have this informative, balanced and interesting book to share with students.  I learned a lot and it is a valuable book for most classrooms.
This series is great for teaching about the senses and good practice in reading for emergent readers.
Teach about the senses using this series, especially if they are emergent readers.
Use this series about the senses with your emergent readers.  It is very helpful.
This book is interesting.  It never occured to me to ask when the US got its first elephant.  The story delves into the mysterious world of how many circus and zoo animals got here in the early days.
Good text for emergent readers and ESOL students.  The book is basically a non-fiction book about what to do about cuts and scrapes.  Kids will love it and the gross pictures.
This series is great for teaching about the senses, especially with emergent readers.
Davy Crockett is the best of the ready to read biographies that I've read.  It truly is good and very interesting.  If only more of the books were written as good as this one is!
Even with a vaccine for Chickenpox, most of the time it isn't required to get them and many children don't.  This book helps children understand what chickenpox is and how to deal with it.
Teach about the senses using this series when students are emergent readers.
This is a great series for teaching the senses and providing emergent readers with practice in reading informational text.
For true emergent readers in English, I can't recommend a better series.
A good way to improve communication and prevent cognitive delay while learning English, keep up the Spanish and maintain their reading level.  This book provides a worthwhile way to access famous people in the United States for greater understanding.  Your Spanish students who can read Spanish will appreciate you for it.
A really good beginning Map book for emergent readers of English.
This will help your students develop the understanding and comprehension of longitutel and latitude for map skills.
This book is a benefit to emergent readers and ESOL students in learning map skills.  I highly recommend this series.
I highly recommend this book for students who read at the beginning level or need some reinforcement on understanding the North/South Poles.  It provides good clear information with a great comparison/ contrast format.  I learned a lot from it!
Santa's got a cold, will he be able to make through Christmas?  What if he's sick?  Find out in this story, what Santa will do.
I highly recommend this book for doing Reader's Theatre in the Classroom.  You won't regret it!
This book will appeal to dinosaur buffs especially if they love dogs too.  It also is a great introduction to Mary Ann Anning who was instrumental in the development of the dinosaur concept.  It wasn't known what these bones were in the early 1800's and the scientific method was just beginning to be used regularly.  The kids can go on to harder books about dinosaurs and fossils later.  A good book for a jumping off point into the study of dinosaurs.
Beautiful artwork brings up memories of a really great Christmas song.  Will have your children singing!
I even learned more about Hanukkah from reading this book.  I think my students will enjoy the sticker book too!
This book fills a void for Spanish/ English readers.  I teach in a religious school and the students want to learn more about Christianity.  This book allows them to have a book in Spanish and English about Jesus.
These books allow Spanish reading students to access information in their own language and transfer the knowledge while they are learning to read English.  The Human Body book in Spanish has been borrowed for a long time.  These books mean a lot to students who can read them.
This book is a bit wordy but it is a nice story about life among a Zulu family.  I recommend it for an Africa unit.
It's amazing how one can forget how really good a child's book can be written, until you read a truly great book.  Leo Lionni is a great writer of children's books and this is a great book.  You too, could be the mouse who dreams beyond the wall and discovers what is on the other side.
For your better readers, this book is good as a non-fiction text.  Students may even get the idea that Native Americans are still around, alive and well.  We seem to forget that from time to time, and remember the glory days.
This is a nice book about a young well to do girl in the Old Southwest.  That means when it was part of Mexico!  A really cute book about a girl trying to be raised by her mom to be a good wife.  Of course, the girl's a tomboy!
Actually this is a great book for all students who read either English or Spanish.  I enjoyed it and found it very sweet.  A little girl gets sent to stay with her relatives in the town she was born in.  How does she feel about it?
This is an informational book about the Man of War.  Really interesting and cool!  Kids will love it!
I really found this book interesting and intruiging.  A great book to use in a unit on archeology or communities.  Very absorbing and different.
This book is interesting but contains a confusing use of Vietnamese words.  It would have been better to use English translations right along with the Vietnam words.  I am hoping to please my Vietnamese students who can identify with the story and understand the vocabulary.
This is a very scholarly book about the rise of ideas about poverty and charity in Victorian England.  The ideas of unemployment, socialism and other movements were created there.  Very interesting but dense.
I used this book after taking my students to a Degas exhibit.  They loved Degas and loved to color the pictures.  It allowed for interesting discussions on how he painted.  There are some great picture books too.
This is a great book for a student I have who is an English Language Learner in 6th grade and is studying ancient history.  It is also great for younger readers with an interest in Rome.
I have an English Language Learner in 6th grade.  She will be able to understand her social studies in ancient history a lot better with this book.  Younger children often love books about Egypt so I can share it with them also.
I have used these stencils for units on dragons, China and Medieval Times.  They are great for students projects especially if you have Chinese or Vietnamese students in your classes!
These stencils were great for drawing and making designs during a unit on the continent of Africa.  It was very useful.
I thought that this book was very informative and interesting.  It contained details that I never knew about Clara Barton and the Red Cross.  A very interesting story about a woman who became a professional nurse and started an important organization.
I'm giving more credit than is due, I'm afraid.  Thomas saves a child's life and gets a chance at learning the telegraph.  Ok, I get that but the follow your dream scence seems fake.
Strange tale for a young kid.  Babe Ruth as a child steals a dollar from dad to buy his friends ice cream and runs away from a beating at home.  What??????  This story is a strange tale in the manner it is told.
The story about Teddy Roosevelt is pretty interesting.  I scratched my head at learning that the United States entered the Spanish-American War because the US was afraid of Spain invading them.  What???????  I would sentence this writer, her editor and the publishing company back to History 101 for remediation!
I really enjoyed the story and thought it was told well.  No glaring errors that I'm aware of.  Students will enjoy this book and learn something.
A lonely black cat looking for human companionship reads a book at the library and decides to find a witch.  A very sweet story, full of heart.
Finally someone wrote a nice groundhog story that will entertain and interest young readers.  It also teaches a sense of time by mentioning other holidays associated with fall and winter.  Fun!
Actually Linda McCartney was quite good at Sun Printing.  I really enjoyed looking at the pictures and learned more about the process.
This is the best Larry McMurtry book.  Don't be fooled by imitations!  (So many of his new books pale in the shadow of his earlier works.)  Try this wonderful novel.  You'll be haunted by it long after you have finished it.
I like this series for emergent readers or as a read aloud to Kindergartners.  The book is simple and a nice introduction to the five senses.  Too many books on the senses go on and on and bore as a read aloud.  This book contains just enough information and students can read it in first grade as they become readers.
This is a great book about a continent.  Most of the time, these books are just boring, but this book makes Africa seem exciting!  A very nice job and it will my students from Africa feel proud to be from there.
Kwanzaa books are usually too detailed and authors forget to write some kind of entertaining text to go with their books.  This one is light and breezy and young children should like it just fine.  It makes Kwanzaa sound fun, not boring.  Good Job!
This a great book about a great continent.  This book makes reading about a continent more exciting and will make my students from Asia feel proud to be from there.  Important when you are an ESOL teacher and students need to feel validated and valued.
This is a wonderful book about a continent.  This book makes reading about a continent more exciting.  The book will make my students from Europe feel proud to be from there and enjoy sharing information about their continent.
This is a great addition to the Eyewitness Series.  Kids will go nuts over all the information on tornados and hurricanes.  It's right up disaster alley.
This book deals with Chaunukah in a simple nice way.  It is a good introduction for the holiday for novices.  I really like this series and own the books on Ramadan and Diwali also.  Good for kids K-3.
Great book for an emergent reader.  Kids need to learn about habitats and this is a great book to share.
I love this series and because several of my students come from Europe, they'll love this series too!
This a great book about the coldest continent for emergent readers of English.  Kids who have greatly needed these books for years will appreciate it.
Great book for emergent readers of English.  Students just like mine!
Wonderfull series for emergent readers.  ESOL students can participate in social studies in a comprehensible way.  Thanks!
I really appreciate this series and the way it allows emergent readers to access sophisticated information.  Nice work.
This book is a pleasant read and very informative too!  I really think my students will enjoy this book when I teach about National Parks.  My only regret is that the author didn't approach the concept by letting readers know that other nations have created national parks too.  I worked in Yellowstone National Park one summer so I have a special attachment to national parks.  If you ever get a chance, spend a lengthly period in one or near one.
I highly recommend this book for teaching children about Australia and New Zealand.  It is just right, provides good information and isn't long winded.  It's actually fun to read.  Remember those deadly dull country books we had to read or browse in when we were kids?  Hopefully those books are passe!
If you have never read a Seymour Simon book before, you can start now.  He writes great non-fiction books for children and this book is one of them.  The whole body series is pretty good and kids who love non-fiction will get the thrill of a lifetime.  Especially those who want to become doctors.
These writers probably make a good living writing text books, this book reads like one.  How exciting.
This is a nice version of the story Up The Chimney story.  I recommend it.
Seymour Simon provides us with more insight into the body's systems.  I learned a lot from reading this book on bones and I highly recommend it for fourth graders on up.  A student can learn a lot more from this book than a paragraph in a textbook.  Have fun and enjoy.
I love Seymour Simon's books and his series on the body is no exception.  I do guided reading and independent reading in my ESOL class and have a Bosnian student who is going to go nuts about this book.  She loves non-fiction.
Another great Seymour Simon book.  Enjoy and don't forget to share it with the other kids in your class.
The pictures are exciting and the while the reading is difficult, older students could do it.  Many students admire Muhammad Ali and the photos will please their eyes and the information will soothe their minds.  Ali didn't have a sex scandal, and his arrest was inappropriate and overturned by the Supreme Court.  He is an exciting person that kids can look up to.
This is a wonderful book.  It took me hours to read and I read it thoroughly and slowly to absorb everything I could.  Later, I'll use it as a resource, but this book is great!  I have never read an encyclopedia of world religions that was so complete and interesting.  The writing is great.  I'm crazy about the Usborne series and my students love them too.  I'll have to say goodbye to this book for awhile as my students will be grabbing it up.
I have used this book for several years and the experience just gets better and better.  Today (two days before Thanksgiving 2004) I had students use manipulatives they made to give presentations in front of their class.  While the book says grades 1-3, I don't use below second grade and have used it for ESOL students up to fifth grade.  We gave presentations on the pilgrims to a third and fourth grade.  They manipulatives are made from paper, tape and ribbon.  They move and can be looked at from several different angles.  Students love to make them and talk about them.  I'm doing the Penguin book next and will look for the science/ human body books too.
I you have Indian students in your class or teach about international holidays, don't forget to learn about Diwali.  It is very interesting and exciting!
From a teacher who doesn't always know what to say.  The notes are clear and direct, important in communication.
This book is a nice book to help a teacher introduce the family tree to a class.  Even younger children in the early grades can feel successful and understand the concept.
I really am pleased how it approaches its subject matter.  Most children's books about international holidays are too technical and long to be used as a read aloud.  This book can be useful and provide useful information.  If a student wants more they can read a more complex book later.  It also helps include an ESOL child's holiday in class, even young kids.
I was so impressed at how easy and enjoyable this book was to read.  It's about time someone wrote a good children's book about voting.  Most books about voting are dry, dull and totally detached.  This book provides a likable protaganist and takes us through the voting and election process.  Students of mine who have read non-fiction books on voting and been left totally confused as well as bored may finally \\"get it\\"  with this one.  Good job!
If you are working with English Language Learners and wonder about special education services, this is the book for you.  As an ESOL teacher, I can help special educators understand them better by sharing this book with them.  I lent it to our school psychologist.
This is a nice book with a nice tone for young children.  It helps children with concepts and rhyme.  Children enjoy it.
This book is an easy read for emergent readers and for parents with young children.  I can't imagine a more cuddly sweet book.  Very well done.
This is a really cute book about a chameleon for young children.  It has rhyme and is fun and irresistable!  I think it is great fun.
Davy Crockett isn't as famous as he was in his day.  This book provides a good overview of his life and why he was so famous.  I was especially touched that he lost his house seat in Congress due to a vote against Jackson't Indian Removal Act.  Way to go Crockett!  He should be a hero doing just that but he wrote about life in the American Frontier and died at the Alamo too.
This book is a very inspiring book and I can't believe it hasn't been reviewed before.  I don't want to reveal the surprise at the end but it is very sweet.  A Chinese girl wants to go to school.  What does her grandfather say?
Max cleans up in his very own way.  What a great help he is when cleaning.  Little Max does a great job.
It can do many things, including creating great shapes.  Take the adventure via this book, then try it yourself.
Learn your shapes the Chinese way!  A very nice book that allows Chinese and probably Vietnamese students to feel included in their educational world.  A delight for anyone.
I think my students will enjoy the book and it will help them learn about the seasons.
I love Eyewitness books and this the newest in my collection.  The book deals a lot with Ancient Egypt so my students will go nuts over that.  It also has some Mayan pyramids and Mayan culture.  It is a wonderful book.  I love the book and my students will love it too.
My older Spanish speaking students really need these types of books for learning.  It allows them to read information in their native language while learning to read English.  They need to access information about the history of this country and it is very difficult to learn it in English when the reading level might not be at the same level.  Thank god for Scholastic.  They are doing a great job.
It is an emergent reader for people beginning to read.  I have the Spanish/English version and my Spanish students will appreciate that they have access to Spanish too.
I can't emphasize how much I learned from this book and how interesting it was.  I have read several children's books on Frida Kahlo and this one is the best.  I'm hoping to read the books in the series about other artists too.  Very, very good.
This is a great book and part of a great new series.  It tries hard to make the information all inclusive so that much of India is included.  A great start to learning about India.
I highly recommend this book for students studying about explorers.  It covers world history and is very informational.  I really liked it.
Not too long, not too dry, non-fiction and very readable.  Remember those horrible non-fiction country books you had to do book reports from in elementary school?  Hopefully those dull books are gone forever.  This book was so nice and affordable, I bought it from the local bookstore.  I may even get the entire series for my classroom.
This is the first children's book I know that has a child celebrating both Hanukkah and Christmas.  It is nice because it depicts it as normal for that family and doesn't drag by explaining the religious differences of the parents.  Very respectful of many children's lives.
I really like this book.  It is a great introduction to China for young people written by a Chinese author.  She wrote it very responsiblity and provides a general insight into her culture.  I want to read other books by the author.
This book is very interesting on its own and a great supplement to the Eyewitness series.  My 6th graders love it.  I do too.
This is a great book for students in third grade and up.  At last we've gotten away from those dry non-fiction texts with the black and white photos.  Those were torturous to read just to locate information, no one thought to read the whole book.  This book is pleasant and I can see a student reading the whole thing.  The text includes words in Russian to learn and an attractive format.
The wildest clothing you'll ever see on little kids.  A very cute book.
A child who rarely speaks and is different from his classmates finds a puppet friend to talk to.  His peers are surprised at his reaction but find a way to deal with him and make him happy.  What a sweet book about treating people decently.
China A - Z is a wonderful reference book for young readers.  I could use it with a third grader easily.  Kids will love it and I think the idea of introducing students to words in Chinese is pretty cool.  I highly recommend it.
I was a bit leery about the story until the end but I liked the message.  It is a fable about how people's words can hurt others.  The art work is phenomenal and representative of Thomas Hart Benton's paintings.
This book contains the best photographs of owls I have ever seen.  The information is really thorough and very interesting.  My students who are animal lovers are going to go nuts over this book.
It is terrific.  The reprints of the paintings are terrific and the commentary is just right, not too much and enough for a novice to learn from.  A great Sister Wendy book.
This is a very imformative book for students studying world history.  It provided me with a broader picture of what was happening in the world during the life of Abraham Lincoln.  Very interesting.
Another book by my favorite author for non-fiction emergent readers.
Most Ramadan books are too difficult to read to my young students and I was missing that perfect book about this holiday.  Now I can read them a book the students can enjoy and 1st and 2nd graders can read it on their own too!  Thanks for the book, if only it had arrived sooner.
Good picture information, few words, great information that some students wouldn't have the opportunity to learn any other way.
Using this book and the Guided Reading book, along with minimal help from my co-workers, I have leveled many books in my classroom.  I still have to check, but am having to look at the guide less and less as I get a sense of the leveling guidelines.  I have found it very helpful and the kids find guided reading fun!  I really enjoy it too.  We all feel very successful.
This is a book for the middle/ high school age student.  It is a photobiography, so it is packed with images and great information in a friendly format.  I learned a lot as a teacher about Harry S, Truman from this book and I suspect that other teachers and there students will to.  Great book and highly recommended.
This is another great mummy book.  Kids in the elementary grades will love it and it is a good resource for any classroom.
I highly recommend this book.  The story is simple, a little boy brings home a picture he drew and along the way shows it to people he passes by.  They all have an idea of what to do with the picture but his parents have the best idea of all.
I was so impressed with this book.  It like a lyrical spin on the world since the nuclear bomb was created and the Soviets made one too.  I couldn't tell you what the book was about in parts but I learned to relax and go where the book took me.  It's one of the most worthwhile books I've read in a long time.
This is a very important book for educators.  ESOL students often get overlooked and this is a way to include them and ESOL teachers in education.
The stories begin discussing the Titanic and go on to other distress zones, such as Serbia, Zambia and other places where women and children have endured hardship.
This book provides a teacher and administrator with the information we need to advocate for a superior ESOL program.  I was never exposed to the laws and regulations for TESOL except superficially in graduate school.  This book lists them and provides good examples of how excellent programs can be created.  Mangaging ESL Programs in Rural and Small Urban Schools isn't just for managers in those areas, this book is for all ESOL professionals.  I learned a lot.
This book came out after September 11th.  I thought it was going to be a bit irrelevant now, but it turns out that this book covers peace efforts in the present and past.  It was very interesting and I definitely got something out of it.  Since the US is still in a war state, the thought of peace is definitely worth a book or two.
I would choose a different book for a discussion on dialogue journals.  This one is full of pretty dense research articles when I needed information written in a more interesting comprehensible way.
I could identify with most of the opinions and situations in this wonderful book.  It is a support book for ESOL teachers in small programs.  This book is a complete - Wow!  I read it in a hour and will keep it forever.  Maybe if another teacher is nice to me, I'll share it with them, but they better not run off with it!
I lived in Thailand in the early 90's and this is one of the best Thai cooking books I've seen.  There are so many dishes I haven't seen since I left Thailand, it made me homesick.  I miss the food so!  I miss Thailand too.  Great cookbook with authentic food, not the American restaurant variety.
I read this book not because I own a dog but to review this book for my classroom.  I loved it!  I have never owned a dog so I lack experience in ownership.  This allows me access to practical information my students may need about dog ownership.  It is a fun book to read and learn about dogs.  I'm glad I bought it and recommend others to buy it too!  (If they can find it.)
This book is very good at describing the young life of Elizabeth Blackwell.  Her father raised his children to be equal in their eyes and the girls' education was valued as much as the sons.  Elizabeth also experienced sickness and death close to her which inspired her to become a doctor.  Finally in medical school, some professors refused to allow her in their classrooms and fellow students mocked and harrassed her.  Well, she made it!  A great story for students and a good way to reflect how societies try to isolate and ostracize minorites.
This book is written in the perspective of a native Ibo from Nigeria.  I have never read a book in which the native person is the protaganist and the point of view is truly with that person.  Achebe acomplished quite a bit with this novel.  I was able to really understand how native people may have looked at their world and the coming of the English as colonizers.  This is a fully realized novel.  Highly recommended.
This book allows children with low reading abilities to learn and participate in Social Studies classes.  Wonderful series and I highly recommend it.
This is a great maze book for kids, especially kids who love mummies!  It is not too hard or too easy.  It is just right!
This is a wonderful book for teachers with students from Chinese or Vietnamese families.  They will love seeing a Chinese dragon in the story while beginning to read English.
This is a wonderful children's book about our third president (US).  It provides a fun story about how he loved to read and write and eat!  He brought foods back from France that weren't popular here and made them famous.  Jefferson got people to finally try love apples or tomatos, thought to be poisonous here in the US, but eaten often in France.
Poor Piglet, he feels too small to do many things.  He is so sad until his friends show him things he can do that help people - like giving hugs!  Great for small children.  Cute easy to read story for beginning readers.
I bought this book when I visited the Portland Lighthouse.  It is a very nice book and even nicer as I spent time reading it and absorbing the information contained in the book.  I plan to do a lesson on ships and lighthouses when I return to school in the Fall.  That way I combine my vacation with knowledge I picked up with traveling.  Lighthouses are beautiful and very intruiging to learn and write about.
Maybe you're not old enough to read Gone With The Wind but love the movie.  This book is for you.  It has its own tale to tell but you do get that bite of Gone With The Wind in the story.  It is a book that is more modern and contains more acceptable views on slavery and Southern culture than GWTW did and has a good message for young women.  This is a girl who is concerned with the status of women in the South as well as the status of slaves.  It provides some infomation that young girls want to know about and brings up cultural issues that people are curious about.  I really liked this book and found it respectful of the characters and the life at that time, as well as the audience for the book.
This book is unlike any novel I've ever read and I wondered, even after looking over some reviews on this site if I would like it.  I was worried it was too different.  Well, I tried it and ended up loving it.  The book is packed with stories that many people could identify with  in their personal struggles as well as including stories that so completely Chinese.  The cultural, ethnic and political struggles people go through in that country are heartbreaking.  The polictical system is so oppressive and fails to show a human face to its people.  It moved me  quite a bit and I'm very glad I attempted reading it.  It was enthralling and a pleasure to read, not difficult at all.
I have been looking for a good Kwanzaa book but they are hard to find.  Most go through the days laboriously or have some cheesy made-up story that no one cares about as filler.  This book is great in the way it is written and how it states the purpose of Kwanzaa and the belief behind it.  It sends a much better message about Kwanzaa and how it came to be than other books do.  I definitely would recommend this book to many of my students especially my students from African countries.
This book has beautiful photographs and great information about New York City.  It is a warm appreciative book which provides photographs and tibits of information regarding the city.  I enjoyed it very much and will include this in my book collection at school.
Learn all about houses from this exciting children's books.  Your students and your children will love it.
This is a really great informative book about mummies.  It is a worthy addition to your mummy book collection - even you think you already have enough!  If only all mummy books were this good.
This dictionary contains a lot of information and words that are included in social studies and reading units in schools.  This Spanish dictionary is a great help to all students and teachers of Spanish speakers.
This book is great for ESOL students and emergent readers.  I love this series.  It helps my students a lot and conveys information that they may not otherwise get.
This series is a great help to students learning to read and learning to read English.  I recommend them highly.
I really appreciate this series of books and Dancing will make my students very happy.  Dancing is a big part of many cultures and students from around the world will be able to identify their dances.  Really nice.
This a great book for ESOL students and emergent readers.  It conveys a lot of information that a student who is not a good reader of English may not get otherwise.
I think this is the best book Amy Tan has ever written!  It is better than her other books, which are great too.  I highly recommend it.
It covers the exploration of North America and provided me with more information to share with my students. I was just asked recently why Native Americans were referred to as being &quot;redskins&quot;. This book has the information! Great help with Social Studies for ESOL students and their teachers. (Even though I'm certified in Social Studies too, I don't know everything!)
Other series are good too, but I love these books.  Not too many words so students can work on comprehension and using picture clues.  A great series that has helped my students with reading quite a bit.
This is a great book for iliciting discussion about Japan from Emergent Readers and ESOL students.  Students feel accomplished and will have a lot to discuss.  A great series for beginning readers in English.
This series is great for emergent readers and ESOL students.  I really appreciate these authors for the service they have done in writing these books.
This book is fun, cute, and not too hard to read for those learning to read English and/or Arabic.  What a thrill to see Jean Simmons put her books out there for Bilingual students!  Great going, Jean!  Thanks for allowing students to continue developing their literacy in one or more languages!
I own the Arabic and Chinese bilingual versions of this book.  Both include English text too.  I am so happy that this author considered wriiting and producing books that reflect many students in classrooms today.  My students not only need to learn English but maintain their home language which enhances the development of literacy in any language and maintains family/social connections.  Thanks you so much for creating this series of books.  May other companies do it too!
In English and in Spanish, this is a great book that kids love!
Just perfect for my ESOL students who can read Arabic and are learning English too.  What would I do if I didn't have these bilingual books?  My life and my students' lives would be much more difficult.  Thanks for these books and keep publishing them!
I bought the English and Arabic and French versions.  I hope to get the Somali and Vietnamese versions too.  I love the way the book provides beautiful African stories and makes them accesible to readers of many languages.  Thanks!
This is a great book for my students from the African continent.  The book comes in French and Somali so I can cover many students from that region.  Grandmothers are very important to their cultures so it is very refreshing and nice to see books created to enhance literacy and cultural development for these students.  I'm going to get it in Vietnamese also.
What a series!  I have the Arabic and Chinese versions of the this book.  What a great way to develop literacy skills in English and a student's native language!  Biliteracy helps develop literacy skills better and faster than just teaching English alone.  These books are a great help and hope for ESOL Teachers and the students they serve.
I have Eating in bilingual versions of Chinese and Arabic.  Thank god someone is putting out books for bilingual children.  Learning literacy in the native language and in English increases comprehension and makes it easier for children to read.  Terrific!  It's a very nice book for emergent readers whose native language is English too!
Good book for students to learn about Columbus and the early Portugese and Spanish explorers.  The book does go a bit light on why Columbus was removed from his job a governor, but is accurate in other areas.  It just dances around the facts in Columbus' later career.  Good pictures and good information.
This great explorers series is very interesting and provides good information.  Great for students and fans of history.
Finally a book for children about the exploration of Africa.  I have several students who are from the African Continent and this book will thrill them.  Africa seems to be passed by in the curriculum.  People need to know more about it and African students should be able to have their continent viewed as a legitamite place to study.
This book is very good for educating students about American Immigrants and American Jewish immigrants.
Wonderful series for Emergent Readers!
Wonderful social studies series for emergent readers.
Wonderful Books for Emergent Readers!
Wonderful series for Emergent Readers!
This is an incredible book!  I loved it so much.  This woman as an American girl in Hitler's Germany provided me with insight into Hitler's Germany in a way that a German girl probably couldn't have because she would have been called into question.  As an outsider inside, she explains how Germans were secretly kept from knowing what was going on in the country and in the conquered lands.  It provided me with information on how life was for most Germans and how they could choose to remain ignorant in such a troubled time.  I never realized that Germans brought in slave workers from conquored lands and that Germans were punished for spending time with them.  I learned so much from this book.  Please read it, I couldn't pull away and read it in two days.
there are many better books out there but this one should involve young children and beginning readers.  A nice book fot the teacher's collection.
Great book about an unknown Native American leader (at least by me) and a not widely known Native People, the Sauks and the Fox.  I highly recommend it because this is a story about a Native American people that is not often told about.  We usually concentrate on the Plains people.  The time period for this book is the Revolutionary War to about 1830.
This book is for anyone who ever tried to have a deeper understanding of A Tale of Two Cities without great success.  I will use this book for my ESOL students.  One is reading A Tale of Two Cities and finds it quite a chore.  When I read this retelling I also got more out of the story than I had before.  I highly recommend these retold stories.
This is a workbook that goes with the books, Finding Fish and Pimpon.  It is a writing journal for beginning readers in Spanish and English.
I highly recommend this journal workbook.  It goes with the series Finding Fish and Pimpon.  The English version is called Letters.
Students will find this book fun and interesting, they will not find the format confusing or cumbersome.  Very helpful to students learning about space.
This is a workbook that goes with the books, Sonrisas and Smiles.  Kids will love to work on this journal.
This is a companion journal to Smiles.  A great journal like workbook for children.
Good book to teach about the continent of South America.  Contains the land features, animals and the people.  Very interesting.
The book is part of an educational Bilingual Spanish series.  They are much better than textbooks and interesting too!  Highly recommended!  There is an English translations named Smiles to go along with it.  Journals too for only $5.95.
I love this series.  Definitely consider buying it for bilingual Spanish classes.
This book and its companion, Sonrisas is part of a bilingual Spanish series.  It is well written and very interesting.
Buy this series for your bilingual Spanish/ English speaker today!  The Spanish companion is Pimico.
Wonderful series for Bilingual Spanish/English speakers.  The English book is Finding Fish.
I highly recommend this bilingual Spanish reading series.  It is interesting and fun.  The series teaches students about famous latino artists.
Great book and finely translated into Spanish.  I get to share it with my Spanish speakers now without loss of comprehension.  It's appreciated.
I highly recommend this book for students who read Spanish.  It describes the land and animals of South America.  Very interesting!
This book starts off nicely by remembering 9-11 and that section is quite moving.  In fact it is excellent.  Then the book begins hero worship of the President, the Prime Minister of Great Britain and a parade of world leaders.  It loses sight of 9-11 and thinks only of the &quot;big&quot; people.  It continues into the war in Afghanistan then Iraq.  I understand Afghanistan but the Invasion of Iraq had nothing to do with 9-11.  That part should have encompassed another book.
This is a great simple book to use with beginning readers.  It is great of ESOL students! I highly recommend the Rookie Reader series.
Provides a great portrait of modern Pueblo life.  I really feel I learned a lot and enjoyed it throughly.  I highly recommend this book for children interested in Native Americans and for teachers teaching social studies.
These books are great for all my students and the Spanish versions allows my Spanish speakers equal access to these great books.
This is a great book for horse lovers and people who are on the fence.  It also introduces us to a forgotten species, Wild Horses.  There aren't many of them left in the world.
This is a great book from a great couple who have been writing non-fiction for children.  Collect all their books!  If you love dolphins and want to learn more about them, this is the book.
This is a non-fiction text about a Crocodile's life in Florida for a year.  It provides more in depth background knowledge in the back of the book.  The illustrations are beautiful.  I highly recommend this book.
The farm as a loving, caring place.  Wonderful book.
I learned a lot from this book.  I am sure my students will too.
This book is very helpful in teaching kids about anger.  It is a nice discussion to have with young kids.  They often feel relieved that someone is willing to talk to about it especially if they have anger problems.
This book is great at teaching rhyme and animals  Kids will love making the animal noices.  Great for ESOL students too.
Contrary to popular notion, African-American kids love Valentine's Day just as much as other kids.  In this book they are actually shown celebrating!
I love the story and it is fun.  Provides different illustrations that kids will love.
Not funny or interesting enough.  Kind of cute but could be cuter and not a wordy.
I liked most of the stories in this volume.  The story about a child being removed from her mother's care and a photographic history of relationships from the 70's to the present are very interesting.
The meandering plots of most Dickens novels leave me cold most of the time, but I found this book easier to understand and enjoy.  I'm glad I finally pulled the book off the shelf and read it.
I enjoyed reading this edition.  It had many stories of older people and included some striking photographs of farming families in England.  I learned that the steam engine was first heavily used in England and was first used in agriculture there.  Cool!
Granta is a great book/magazine for short essays and stories.  This volume is one of the best I've read.  All essays in this volume are reflections on photographs.  You get the traditional stories of people reflecting on their childhood, along with some non-traditional material too.  The account from a Guardian reporter of the siege in Afghanistan that took many lives and discovered John Walker Lindh is absorbing.  This volume has a nice balance of live stories.  I highly recommend it.
This book was a disappointment to me.  I am an ESOL professional and so may have a different perspective than a mainstream teacher.  It also only deals with mainstream teachers in elementary school.  I think I was looking for a book that not only gave strategies for scaffolding, but a perspective on the right of ESOL students to be included in a classroom.  Many mainstream teachers teach their ESOL students in a sink or swim manner and start demanding that the students be taken out or retained if they don't succeed.  Bilingual education isn't an option for everybody, and sheltered English programs haven't shown their promise.  I 've seen very low expectations and students don't have the opportunies that native speaking peers have.  Teachers need a reason to differentiate for ESOL students.  They often don't understand, and that needs to be tackled first before strategies can be discussed.
There are some really great stories in this edition.  Some are memories of being American in other parts of the world at significant times in history, others recount American lifestyles right here.  My favorite story is about a Thai worker at an island resort for farangs (foreigners) and his devotion to his pet pig named Clint Eastwood.
Enjoy and make use of these books.  Beginning readers get a lot of support from these books.
It is nice, easy and could be very effective.
This book extends cooperative learning for second language learners.  Cooperative learning is very important for second language learners.  My complaint is that there is the belief that second language learning is all about teaching grammar skills and vocabulary explicitly.  Its known that these skills are better developed when they are context embedded.  Then the author mentions something about a &quot;structured&quot; Natural Approach.  An oxymoron if I ever heard one!  Where's the content?
I learned a lot from it.  You will too!
I bought this book on an impulse.  It is a great buy.  I am a teacher and often buy coffee table books for students to look at.  This is a fun book and students will love it.  I enjoyed looking at it myself and will again when I share it with others.
This is a good informational text for students with intermediate reading skills.
Highly recommended for beginning readers too.
This is a great book for all my students, especially my Vietnamese ones.  Their parents were often refugees, but they do not know about the war.  This is a good introduction to a history that touched parents and grandparents' lives.  Americans were affected by this war also.
Yeah, you can say that the story is unrealistic, but so what!  This a beautiful dream story.  It is enchanting and I am sure I will share it with my students.  It will be so fun!  What a great fantasy, Enjoy!
This is probably one of the best biographies of Charlotte Bronte.  A heartbreaking story.
Most of the Oxford Picture Dictionaries seem too complicated or too cumbersome to use easily.  This dictionary can really help a student trying to do homework in English.  It can be a great help in fact.
I think that this is a great book.  It is not just for small children but for people of all ages.  It is a moving story about the life and death of a man who spends most of it on one island.  We can only envy him.
Such a simple story, told in what could have been a total cliche, but instead becomes beautiful!  A love story.
Heart warming story about Baba Yaga as a Babushka.  Hey only Patricia Polacco could do it right and she did!  I think this is one of her best books!
I really love this version of the story.  I can't wait to share it with my 4th grade students who study New York history.  I think it is pretty interesting.
You'll find out if you read this charming book for beginning readers.  Highly recommended.
This book is very moving and gentle.  It is very comforting for a child to hear and good for reading before bedtime.  Safe, comforting and loving, I highly recommend it.
Kids will love this account on how people bury and mummify the dead, gore and strange details seem to intrigue them.  Great photographs too.  Turn your students into archeology nuts.
I just loved this book and found it very interesting.  I think it will help students with science and help them understand the human body more.  DK seems to put out a lot of books my students love to take out again and again.  They do a good job.
I bought this book because I have students who love Kung Fu and other martial arts.  Little did I know how much I'd learn from the book and how excited I would be to share it with my students.  Beautifully and respectully written.
This is a really nice Italian cookbook.  Kids interested in cooking will really be pleased.
Students can learn basic information about the pilgrims and Thanksgiving.
It conveys a lot of information in simple reading terms.  Great for ESOL students.
This book is interesting to read and kids will love it.  Teachers will be pleased by all the information the book provides.  Fun to read and look at.
These On My Own books are great!  This book is another fantastic installment.  I've read other accounts of this story but this one is the most accessible and interesting.  Try it!
I found it really surprising and intruging.  The story has so many things that strike me as true.  I found the story really enriching and I definitely will share it with students during a Native American unit.
This is a great informational book about the Pilgrims.  Recommended for older children and teachers preparing their lessons.
This is a straight forward, compassionate, informational story of Martin Luther King Jr.'s life.  His sister tells their story simply and provides perspective where Martin Luther King Jr. got many of his ideas and courage - from his dad!  It is a quiet appreciation for the life the family led.  I really appreciated the story and it brings a new more realistic meaning to King's life.
I met Jean Fritz at an Educator's Conference a month ago.  She was pleased I picked up this book as Lafayette is one of her favorite historical figures.  I did it because I had a student who was intrigued by Layfayette in his social studies class.  I felt I could learn more about him and share the information and book.  I found out quite a bit.  Lafayette was a major figure in both the American and French Revolutions.  The American Revolution succeeded partly because of his determination.  He tried to set France on the right path several times, but it didn't happen in his lifetime.  He lived until his seventies and had a very full life.  He was a shining figure that celebrated life right up to his death.  I want to thank Jean Fritz for pointing this book out to me and prompting me to purchase it.
My only disappointment lies in the fact that cartoon animals with dialogue bubbles distract from the print at the bottom of the page.
This book provides a lot of information on volcanos.  It is easier than many volcano books and very easy to understand.  Good concept builder.
My only disappointment lies in the fact that cartoon animals with dialogue bubbles distract from the print at the bottom of the page.
My only disappointment lies in the fact that cartoon animals with dialogue bubbles distract from the print at the bottom of the page.
My only disappointment lies in the fact that cartoon animals with dialogue bubbles distract from the print at the bottom of the page.
My only disappointment lies in the fact that cartoon animals with dialogue bubbles distract from the print at the bottom of the page.
My only disappointment lies in the fact that cartoon animals with dialogue bubbles distract from the print at the bottom of the page.
My only disappointment lies in the fact that cartoon animals with dialogue bubbles distract from the print at the bottom of the page.
My only disappointment lies in the fact that cartoon animals with dialogue bubbles distract from the print at the bottom of the page.
I like the way it teaches fractions and doesn't use candy!
My only disappointment lies in the fact that cartoon animals with dialogue bubbles distract from the print at the bottom of the page.
This book is so full of information on the age of exploration, you'll be wondering why it was so hidden from you before.  The book is wonderful, fun and so interesting.  I can't wait to share it with my students.
I like this book a lot.  Kids will love it too.  Packs in a lot of information from history.  It's gruesome so the kids will go wild!
I thought this book taught me more about ancient cultures than I knew before and that was interesting and valuable.  I feel uncomfortable about how the information is presented though.  Cultural sensitivity and understanding isn't high on ths book's list.  Everything is a joke and to be thought of as strange and be laughed at.  What's the point in that?  To reinforce stereotypes?  Guess so.
I had to read it twice to have the story really sink in.  This book is very moving and quiet.  A really great job from Eve Bunting and a book to be remembered.
What a wonderful book!  There is a great story in this book.  I highly recommend it.
Who hasn't heard a small child say the things that David says.  We should think a little bit more about how we deal with them and expect of them.  David is a little monster, but a loveable one.
This story is so touching and moving it is hard to forget.  I borrowed it from the library a few years ago and always remembered it.  When I ran into it at a book store, I bought it immediately.  The book really touched me and I love the story.
I'm sharing this with my students.  They will think it is great fun and will probably remember the cartoon.
This book contains a lot of good information on Ramamdan for teachers and students.  I could read this aloud to older students in elementary school too.
Thanks to the Welcome Book series, beginning readers will no longer be left out or the loop when they need information on American symbols.
This is a challenging, exciting book for youth that adults can enjoy too.  It is very conplex and the story is so interesting.  This is a very different book for youth.  It allows the reader to immerse themselves in the character's world even when their own world is so different.  I really liked this book.  I can't wait to share it with a teenage student from Africa I have.
I don't read Spanish well but for a student of mine from Cuba, this book will be a godsend.  I have had trouble finding many of the Disney stories in Spanish and have only La Bella Durmiente.  She wanted Bambi which is included in this collection.  Thanks, Disney!
The artist Thomas Locker studies a tree through a year.  The paintings are beautiful.  Realism never looked so good in a children's book before.
This is a very concise and informational book about immigration in the early 20th Century.  I learned a lot from this book and suspect my students will too.
This book provides a lot of information that hasn't appeared in other children's books.  I really found myself interested in the story and understand the life of Squanto better than ever before.  I highly recommend this book.
What author could ever help us understand Halloween better than Gail Gibbons?  She creates an easy, concise non-fiction book for young readers that they will find interesting.  Hail to Gail!
This book is full of the most beautiful poems ever written.  It is a wonderful introduction to the poems of Emily Dickenson.  Highly recommended.
This is a very helpful book in teaching educators to support struggling writers.  I thought it was easy to glean information from and helpful in allowing me to teach better.
Kids love it and can read it easily.
The kids love it and read it over and over again!
Kids who struggle with learning reading and writing really feel accomplishment when they read this book and I Can Read together.
Introduce colors and number words with this book.
Beginning readers and ESOL students will love it.
Students love the repetive language and even if they can't read yet, they try to follow along.
I bought this book for my classroom and wondered later why I picked it up.  When I really looked through the book, I found some really great art focusing on important personas from the 20th Century.  It is a really nice book to have.  A keepsake.
Beginning readers and ESOL students will read it over and over again.
Let them read it over and over again.
This book is visually beautiful and very informative.  It tells the story of several endangered ethnic groups around the world.  It is simple, understandable and moving.
This book is visually beautiful and very informative.  It tells the story of several endangered ethnic groups around the world.  It is simple, understandable and moving.
This book is visually beautiful and very informative.  It tells the story of several endangered ethnic groups around the world.  It is simple, understandable and moving.
This atlas allows me to develop some geography and map concepts that are often difficult for children.  The few words and easy to \\"read\\" illustrations are going to be a great boon to students who are having difficulty with understanding concepts such as continents, etc.
This book is great for adults too.  It takes quotes and information from several books written for adult audiences and uses them to augment and develop the history of American involvement in Vietnam.  Many books on the Vietnam War are so confusing I can't understand what happened.  This book was clear, succient and introduced the opinions of people who were involved in the war.  I came away from reading this with a better understanding and it was even more important now that we have gone into Iraq.
I really liked the book and will use it when teaching about Ancient Egypt in school.  It focuses on famous mummies of the pharaohs.
I have purchased a variety of coffee table books for my exploratory/ information center at school.  This is the best I've found about the 20th Century.  I can easily use this for my students to show them the world of the 20th century.  Especially appropriate for middle school students and higher grade elementary students.  High school students could use it as well.
I have purchased a variety of coffee table books for my exploratory/ information center at school.  This is the best I've found about the 20th Century.  I can easily use this for my students to show them the world of the 20th century.  Especially appropriate for middle school students and higher grade elementary students.  High school students could use it as well.
I found this book telling a simple story with a moving intensity.  I have had a cat that touched me as much as Holly did.  It's a very nice story.
This book handles the psychology aspect of the Sopranos which I find the most complelling.  It highlights why the psychology in the Sopranos is more realistic than anything seen before and elevates the series to a higher level.  There are many shows and movies about Italian-American mobsters.  This one is very special and rises above most.  The show has its own style and consciousness.  Psychology of the Sopranos highlights that style and enlightens us furthur.
I bought this book for my students reading about the American Colonies and Revolution.  I didn't feel that I knew enough about Ben Franklin and needed to learn more.  My students were facinated about him because he was an inventor and did the experiment with the key and the kite to learn about electricity.  I learned so much from this book that I had never known before and the readabilty level is perfect for my students.  I can't wait to share this book with them!
A very nice book to share with children from 5th grade up!  The book provides well balanced information for students.  An eye-opening book that is fair and direct.
This is one of the most moving and best books for children about Buddha's life.  There are many other good books, but this one is really straight forward and clear in his life's details.  I would use this books with others to teach about Buddha, but this book would be the cornerstone while teaching about his life on Earth.
I really enjoyed the book especially when it quoted laws on the right to an education for immigrant students.  I am aware of many districts who photocopy green cards and passports.  Many are callous and unaware that they can not do that.  Some districts have refused service to immigrants without immigration papers but who have met the residency requirement.  I even know of a district that wanted to charge tuition.<br />On another hand, I have yet to see Bilingual education pan out in most schools.  Second language educators deny this at their peril.  I noticed that the book refers to ESOL children placed into monolingual classrooms as &quot;sink or swim&quot;.  It is important to note that no child can be denied placement in a regular education classroom solely because they need differentiated instruction.  Sink or swim isn't allowed anymore, and ESOL students learn English well in monolingual classrooms with ESOL, Title I and differentiated instruction in their classrooms.
The book is so beautiful and easy to look at.  I will use it to teach about Native Americans to children K - 8.
This book is very moving and highly recommended.  I really enjoyed the story of a boy who can't get over the loss of his dog and wants revenge.  He finds revenge isn't the best way to deal with loss and discovers more interesting things about life.
So many children's book are about nothing at all, stupid and boring.  They prepare a child to read Tom Clancy (or some other big name author) books I guess.  This one is absorbing, intriguing and realistic.  I loved the history and how the author fleshed out the characters.  She doesn't confuse the fact it is fiction though.  This book was really nicely written and I hope to read more novels from her.  In the meantime, I may check out her non-fiction.
I am a teacher who read this book and several others in an evening to preview them for students.  Most chapter books for kids these days are \\"much ado about nothing\\".  They don't make sense, are chatty, contrived and I could throw them in the garbage after finishing them.  This book on the other hand had a well developed character, with deep thoughts and emotions and was quite mature as circumstances compelled the character to be.  I would read this book with my middle school and older students and believe they would get a lot out of it.  Thank god for Ann Rinaldi!  If only other children's writers were able to write and develop characters like she could.<br />As for the 12 year old that found the book confusing, it was probably not a book to read on your own just yet.  It would have been more enjoyable to share with a teacher, classmates or your parents as they could help you with the background information needed to understand the story.
I really liked this book and it provided me with information I hadn't gotten anywhere else.  The crafts are a good way for students to be active and learn.  Education isn't just book reading.  People need to learn to create with their head and their hands.  This is a book that blends ancient civilizations with creative activities.  Good work!
I am going to use this book to supplement my teaching of ancient civilizations, the middle ages and the history of art.  The students are going to love this book!
This book is highly recommended for its telling of a famous story.  It has a quietness and gentleness about it that I did not expect.  I would read this story to my class when they are learning about the middle ages and during the Christmas holidays.
This is a beautifully written version of The Nutcracker.  I have never read a more beautiful adaptation.  The CD is incredible and I think Claire Bloom's reading of the book is amazing.  I hope that many people will buy this book and enjoy it.
This book is so badly written it is unbelievable!  How could any publisher allow this book to be published?  Didn't an editor review it?  Didn't Disney hire an accomplished writer?  Disney should be ashamed of itself for publishing so lousy a book.  Especially when the movie was so good.
This is the best non-fiction wolf book I have ever read. It gave me a three dimensional portrait of a member of a wolf pack. My heartbreak comes because the author didn't adopt him. What a wonderful book! I am so glad I picked this one up!
I used to live in Thailand and I was worried how true to the culture the book was going to be.  Not to worry, this book is wonderful.  I can't believe how good it is.  I'm glad I bought it and will highly recommend it to my Peace Corps friends.
I teach ESOL so I was very interested in this book.  My students and I often find ourselves at a cultural crossroads and wonder how we came to behave and act like we do.  Explaining our reasons for our thinking or behavior becomes difficult at times.  This book is a very comforting and interesting book that allows us to review why we are different.  This generates topical discussions in which we can develop and grow.
I bought this book because my class is studying oceans.  I thought the book might be dull but I needed something and didn't find much else.  I had already covered whates, dolphins and sharks.  So anyway I read it before bringing the book to school and found it entertaining and amusing.  The book is not afraid to be funny.  It really lightened up the subject and I can't wait to read it to my students.  Thanks Jerry!
I thought this book had a very gentle way of telling a beautiful story.  I highly recommend this book to any fan of Beauty and The Beast.
I learned so much from this book.  It is absorbing and I would love to share it with my students.  Peter the Great is a very interesting figure and I wish I had been introduced to him earlier in my life.
I read several children's books that contained Jacob Lawrence's art work then we proceeded to paint our own pictures using the materials Jacob Lawrence often used.  The children, Kindergarten to 6th grade took the assignment seriously and created beautiful works.  I highly recommend this art kit and have purchased the Frieda Kahlo art kit as well.
I really appreciated this book.  It shows that we are all human and even George Washington had a clingy dependent mother.  Whatever flaws he had in his own personality and flaws in his relations, he still found himself being able to cope and acheive.  That's a great message to send to readers.  It also highlights the dependency women had on men.  George Washington's mother was not able to support herself and believed she could not cope.
This book tells the story of a boy inside an internment camp during WWII.  It deals with a lot of feelings, yet shows how determined the detainees were to survive and create an acceptable life for themselves.  The story demonstrates that one must continue to strive for a good life even when conditions hold little promise for happiness.
It leaves hope that a child who is rejected for being unattractive and shy can find a person who is accepting and willing to reach out to them.  It also reminds me how important a teacher can be to bring out the best in a pupil and prepare them for adult life and self-acceptance.
Great for reading with Chinese studnets.  The goddess Qin tries to steal a beautiful brocade but has difficulty when a little boy decides to fight for it.  Nice little chinese story with Chinese style illustrations.
Just think, if I hadn't wandered by the poetry section and decided to look at the books, I might have never discovered this gem.  I only found this because of a student's request for rhyming books and an admiration of Waler Dean Myers.  Thanks fate.
A very nice informative book that taught me a lot about the African continent and how to count in Kiswahili too!  I wll share this with my class during Black History Month.
This book will be shared with my students.  They have often  endured many hardships in their lives and would enjoy hearing others' stories.  The Dalai Lama is a very important person in the world and can not be ignored.
Students were very absorbed in this book.  They found the story exciting and it stimulated a great discussion.  The idea that someone could dream about Martin Luther King Jr. and see him as a child and then as an adult allowed students to think about how different dreams are from reality.  Students were anxious to borrow the book and share it with their families.
I used this book to tie up the values and ideas that Martin Luther King Jr. represented.  The students then painted pictures of peaceful situations.  This led to a discussion about peace.  A boy from Eritrea said that Ethiopians were bad and didn't want to be peaceful.  He was shocked when he learned that one of his best friends in the class was Ethiopian.  He learned that some Ethiopians are good and peaceful.  I as an American, apologized  to a Vietnamese student and pledged peace as he swore to be peaceful also.  Other students were surprized that the US and Vietnam had fought.  We learned a lot about peace from this book.
This book tells the story of Buddha so clearly and precisely that it taught me a lot that I previously didn't know or understand.  I am hoping to share this book with my students during the Buddhist New Year in April.
I enjoy I Spy books because it teaches visual discrimination and item identification.  Children also need to read what they are looking for.  It encourages them to try.  I teach English language learners and as they become more proficient, they love to work on I Spy books.
I think that this book tells a fun story.  My students will enjoy it.  I do think that there are better Ananse books out on the market now.  This is nice because it was one of the first and a classic.
This book is so good!  I have read the book to students from Kindergarten to 5th grade.  They were completely entranced by the book.  I teach English language learners so they do not know American history.  My African students in particular were facinated by the history presented in the book and were very respectful while I read.  I have a presentation of Martin Luther King Jr. in my classroom and the students would walk with me to the presentation area and ask questions about the pictures and the history depicted in them.  They loved a drawing of Martin in the Birmingham jail and the Nobel Peace Prize he won.  This book helped me present an important person to my students in a way that was meaningful and memorable.
I just attended a talk by a Peace Corps volunteer who spoke about how children in Ghana were resourceful about creating toys to play with.  This book illlustrates that point.  I hope that my students from Africa will enjoy this book.
This is a Kwanzaa book I may actually read to my students, but the ultimate Kwanzaa book is still out there somewhere.  If I read this book I would emphasize the Kiswahili words and intertwine the idea of learning an African language and how African-Americans try to connect to their African roots.  I wonder how my students from African countries will feel about this book?  I'll have to see.  They currently are intrigued by Martin Luther King Jr., civil rights and the idea of American slavery in the 19th century.
My kindergarten students will but put off by the wordiness in the story, but for 1st grade and above, they will love this book.  My Chinese-Vietnamese students will be happy to share their culture with my other students.  I bought this for Chinese New Year.
My students are learning English and American culture.  They learn to read these books and are highly motivated because the television show mirrors the books so closely.  They can go on to read the real little house on the prarie books and enjoy them.
My students are immigrants or children of immigrants learning English.  They have to say the pledge every day but may get the words wrong and certainly don't comprehend it.  This book takes out some of the guess work and helps them understand what is going on and what people are saying.  It brings them comfort and relief.
I enjoyed this book in general but worried about the depiction of the Indian monkey with no morals.  Was he supposed to model the stereotype many African peoples have of Indian immigrants to Africa?  In several countries, Indians were blamed for a country's problems and driven out.  Is William Steig predjudiced against Indians?
This story is very small but also very touching.  It provides a good lesson in helping people and animals and in priorities.  I really look forward to reading this book to my class.
I have 2 boys in 1st grade with little sisters.  This book reflects the struggle that they go through in sharing things with younger siblings.
It is probably not the best in the series, but my students love Froggy.
I thought it was a bit wordy, but my Chinese student had heard the story from her mother and was entranced that the story was in English and in a book.
It's a quiet, mysterious book which draws the reader into a magical world.  I really enjoy this book, it reminds me of Maurice Sendak's books.
The reading teacher and I were wondering if we could displace The Little Red Hen in children's reading basals with The Little Engine That Could.  It's message is certainly one that is positive rather than ungenerous, which seems to define the hen book.  I think this book shouldn't be forgotten.
I can't get over how beautiful this book is.  I can't wait to share it with my Vietnamese students and those who are war refugees.  I would like to see if they can relate to the story.
I really thought it was a sweet book.  I wonder though, if there was nothing wrong with Arthur's nose, why did the author change it for his other books?  It sends the wrong message.
This is a story about a person who will not listen to people until he experiences the event for themselves.  The judge doesn't listen to people and &quot;judges&quot; them harshly.  In the end, he ends up with a harsh judgement himself.  Oh well...
This book is a very nice version, beautifully written.  It is a sad story with a very nice ending.  A student I read The Little Match Girl to, wanted more stories by the same writer, so I hope this story satisfies her.
I wish I had a book like this for St. Nicholas, but I will look for one on St. Patrick too.  This is a really interesting book.
Guess which is one of the books I'm using for Black History Month this year?
This book is great for second language learners who need content information but lack high reading skills.
For all students, this book could be helpful in learning about George Washington, but for second language learners of any age the pictures assist in making connections so that the story can be told and understood.  I appreciate this book very much!
Children will love this book because it is so simple and clear.  The book is very easy to understand and to retain the information introduced.
I think this is a moving book which helps students think about the lives of many immigrants in early 20th century New York.
My students just love looking at the pictures and finding out what is going on in the small scenes depicted around the book.  The story is entertaining and funny too.
Arthur is so popular that my students tell me the names of the characters.  This book will assist me in introducing the president and his role in the US government.
My younger students loved this book and took turns pressing the button to hear the magic jingle sound.  Very enjoyable.
I thank Tomie DePaola for everything!  He writes such beautiful multicultural tales.  I read the story of the pointsetta for Christmas and will read this book for St. Patrick's Day.  I will probably purchase his book on St. Patrick also.
I don't know, the book is a bit too wordy to read to a class, but it gives me memories of a wonderful TV special.  I like the book for that reason.
It is not the best book in the world, but it is one of the few on April's Fool Day.  I think my students will enjoy it's sense of humor.
My students in Kindergarten and 1st grade love the circular path of the story and become very amused.  Oh no!  is a common response.  This is a fun book.
I think this book is very moving and provides students with a greater understanding of religion.  I did not find this book biased and thought that it would help some of my students, who came from communist countries, understand what religion is.  Doesn't mean that I want to convert them, but it will be easier to participate in discussions of religion and create dialogue  with their parents, who entered them into a religious school.
I found this book to be very good and highly recommend it to teachers who have children from Ethiopia or any other African country in their classroom.  They will find an appreciation for their country or continent in the reading of this story.  Many times Americans tend to put down the African continent and dissolve it into stereotypes.  Kids from Africa need support that where they come from is appreciated and that they are welcome in the US too.
This books provides a great introduction for students and teachers to the Chinese language.
I can't wait to share this book with my student and his mother from Eritrea.  Most of the time I have to find books on Ethiopia which doesn't sit well with mom even though she understands the difficulty.  I also recently purchased a mancala board so we can play that game after we read the book.  Mancala has been promoted to teach math and cooperative learning social skills.
I find that using Dr. Suess books with cassettes appeal to students of any age.  I teach English as a Second Language learners and they can start reading English with Dr. Suess at any age.  They don't get embarrassed and are surprised and amused by comedy in his books.  With boys, it is a miracle worker, they do not feel uncomfortable at all reading Dr. Suess books.
I wish I would have spent more time with the Hmong in Thailand.  I found this story very moving and the immigrants strength and resilience in surviving wonderful to see.  I am excited to share this with my students several of whom are refugees from war and conflict.
It must be really strange for a child of immigrants to understand what their parents are feeling about their other country and culture.  Some may or may not understand their parents first language.  I am eager to share this book with my students and see what they think.
I loved this book.  It provides information about the 5 major religions in a comprehensive manner.  I plan to share this book with my students, who were confused by the discussion of religion and what religion is.  Some have come from communist countries and never heard of the subject.
I have not run into many children who have felt this way in my short career as an ESOL teacher but students similar to Mei Mei are out there.  This book is very helpful to teachers with ESOL students in their classroom who are not trained in TESOL practices.  Students often go through a silent period where they are listening to the language and just taking English in before they begin speaking it.  The story of Mei Mei gives an indication what may be going on in their minds at the time.<br />When I lived in Thailand, I often became frustrated and angry when I wanted to answer someone in Thai and tell them what I understood or knew about a subject, but was trapped by my lack of fluency in their language.  I used to think, &quot;Boy!  If they could only understand me in English, then I'd tell them!&quot;  People would often mistake my lack of ability to communicate with lack of intelligence, which would frustrate me further.  I will share this book with my students and hope I understand what they going through at times.
This book is gut-wrenching and difficult to read at times.  It is packed with so much emotion.  The book also helped me in understanding more about the Indian Wars and how they were fought on the Western Frontier.  Good Book!
This is a nice introduction to chinese new year.  I will use it as a informational guide and have my Chinese-Vietnamese students look it over to facilitate a discussion about their new year.  Thanks.
I was hoping for something better.  Some of the stories were really good, others are just passable.  If I had read the book first, I might not have bought it.  I may change my mind if I see my students react differently to the book.
I read this book last year in my class when I had a Vietnamese student .  She had learned some Chinese characters from her mother and taught us how to write the characters while we celebrated Chinese and Vietnamese New Year.  It was a moving experience.
I read it twice and tried to like it.  It's okay, but I really didn't care for it very much.
It is easy to read with very beautiful colors.  I have three Ewe students from Togo and am hard pressed to find books to reflect their culture.  I'm sure that the Ewe in Ghana and Togo are related and my students will be able see some of their culture reflected in the book.  Thanks Deborah!
I am so glad that Ramadan received such as fitting tribute in writing.  So many holiday books are boring descriptions of a holiday and forget to be interesting.  This book taught me about Ramadan and interested me too.  I would not hesitate to read this book to my students.
This story describes an American lifestyle that most of us will not experience.  It avoids criticism of that life and presents a situation in which honest people are trying to survive.  The author provides a human face to the characters.  Very nice.
There is a great feeling of tragedy in this book.  I read it years ago and still haven't forgotten it.
I found this book to be really facinating.  I read it years ago when I was in college.  It was a great introduction to Isabelle Allende.  The book is far superior to the movie, which was dull!
I am excited to read this to my Vietnamese students and my other refugee students.  I hope that they can form a common bond.  Many of my Vietnamese students have entered the United States in less dangerous times as immigrants.  Parents and relatives experienced the terror of Communist Vietnam and of the war.  Several of my other students experienced terrible times in their countries.  We can use the book as a discussion tool.
I found this book to be really facinating.  I read it years ago when I was in college.  It was a great introduction to Isabelle Allende.  The book is far superior to the movie, which was dull!
I highly recommend this book.  It says a lot about women and African-American life in the US.  Great for black history month.
I wouldn't try to make complete sense of it though.  It is a moving, emotional experience.  There is a lot of magical, and mystical experiences in the book which intrude on the book if you are looking for a basic comprehensive narrative.  Just let the book and the experience wash over you and forget about telling someone else the plot.  Just accept it for the great book it is and you will feel more comfortable.
I don't think it is the best Chinese New Year book on the market, but I can't wait to see the looks on my kindergartner's faces when I pull open the book to show them the Chinese dragon!
I just found the writing to have the typical style that many best selling books are written in.  I was surprized that it received such good praise from critics.
This book will allow my Chinese-Vietnamese students to share their writing and culture with other students in my class.  It allows me to understand the written Chinese language better myself.  Excellent!
I really appreciate this book for not just discussing Ramadan but bringing up some issues surrounding Ramamdan.  It allows Muslims to be human and assists us in appreciating all the trouble they go through in order to worship God in their own way.  I wish I could have known about this book for Ramadan this year, but I will use it next year in my classroom.
I can't wait to use this book during  Chinese New Year with my ESOL class!  The kids will love it!
I worked with an African student with psychotic depression who heard voices telling her to kill herself.  She too had experienced some dreadful things in her country.  The US was also not kind.  Luckily through strong support from a psychiatrist, lawyer and counselor, she found a home here, recovered and is attending high school.  This book was the closest I've found in relating her experience.  I found it really moving and helpful.
I did not realize the history of eating utensils was so interesting.  I did become intrigued when I lived in Thailand and learned to eat their way with a fork and spoon or watched Europeans with their forks and knives.  I am still not good at eating sticky rice and accompanying dishes with my hand.  My favorite situation was watching Thais describe the way Chinese eat with chopsticks.  The Thai think that the way Chinese eat is barbaric.  Little do they know that most Americans think they eat with chopsticks too!
I hope that others will discover this book too.  I am going to share it with my ESOL students for Chinese New Year.  I am learning a lot from the book.  I really enjoy trying to pronounce the words.  My Chinese-Vietnamese students can probably assist me with the correct pronunciation and tones, now that I have some idea.
I am working with adults who were &quot;lost boys&quot; and there is much speculation about the quality of their past education in the refugee camps and if they will be able to go on to college.  This portrait allows me to better understand their lives in the refugee camps and look at their experiences and build upon them.  A lack of education should be remedied by continured education not by telling people they are &quot;incapable.&quot;
I read this book in a class for teachers of literacy for high school students.  There was a lot of discussion about those who would have it banned from schools.  The book was originally written for adults, not for adolescents, but it is too good to ignore.  High school students should be exposed to good writing whenever possible.  The subject is sexual abuse and the more adolescents are allowed to discuss abuse the more we can prevent it from happening.
She has written no greater book than this one.  I love it.  I still try to make some sense of the ending but it doesn't even matter.  The magical experience is amazing and stays with you forever.
Their are not that many books for Middle Eastern students.  A Cinderella book was sorely missing and this one will please my students immensely.
I found this story very beautiful and I am so happy to share it with my students from Ethiopia and Eriteria.  They are very lucky to have a children's author writing stories from this area.  It will move them and make them proud.
I have found some great books for children on China and Vietnam.  My students from those areas will love them and my other students will be able to appreciate the culture better.  We all benefit from learning more about each other.  Cat and Rat helps with an interesting entertaining story.  The zodiac is always intriguing to everybody.
I read this book last year in my class when I had a Vietnamese student .  She had learned some Chinese characters from her mother and taught us how to write the characters while we celebrated Chinese and Vietnamese New Year.  It was a moving experience.
This is the book I've been waitng for!  This material can assist me in encouraging my students to think about their lives and write about them.  I have students who are just beginning to learn English and those who are nearing proficiency.  I love this book because it gives them examples of what they can do if they try.  It can reach all levels of proficiency in English.
