Laurie Garrett is an excellent writer, she could easily had made this book a novel, as a matter of fact she almost did. With her great detailed narrative she makes you fell inside the history of the modern microbe hunters, I've read several other book in this subject and none of them treats the subject in the professional and \\"journalistic\\" way Garrett does. You can easily detect she knows her business, the concepts and the way she makes them all make sense is laudable. <br /> <br />The only drawback I can see in this book is that sometimes it felt a bit long. I must say again she is a great writer, but gives a whole lot of information, sometimes returning to something she already had said before, only that this time adding new information and commentaries. The book is great and the information is top quality, besides she gives great insights that keep you in the right track. I totally recommend this book to anyone interested in emerging diseases or epidemics in the twentieth century (up to 1995, of course).
I can see some readers think this book is not easy for the layman, but the truth is if this is your first approximation to evolutionary medicine or evolutionary epidemiology, I think this is a good book for you to start. There are other excellent books out there like \\"Why do we get sick?\\" by Randolph M. Nesse and George C. Williams (which I personally recommend too) that may be simpler and broader, but they lack some of the originality Paul Ewald has in this book. The only thing I criticize about this book is that it could have made its point in fewer pages, that aside it was truly great.  <br /> <br />Ewald's perspective is original and really logic, I only keep thinking it might be a little exaggerated to think it is going to revolutionize medicine. He surely states really important new axioms, and in this way he is revolutionizing medicine, but I believe the benefits derived by his hypothesis are not going to be that outstanding. The book is great and original, not hard reading but challenge common knowledge (not common sense, be careful).
The overall grade for this book is good, I recommend it, but it could definitely be much better. Shermer is one super skeptic fellow, and one that respects most of the people whose claims he tries to debunk. Through the book he can't deny his psychology background, since he continually makes reference to different psychological concepts (and their application to scientists like Tippler, or to holocaust deniers), this is not bad, but the truth is I wasn't expecting a pseudo-psychoanalisis on his opponents. The book is really entertaining, and has a lot of interesting anecdotes and experiences as well as good bibliographic investigation to support every case. Once again, the book is entertaining and enlightening at times, I surely recommend it.
Huxley surely was the best evolution defender of his time, even superior to Darwin and Wallace at this feat. This book is a classic to man's evolution literature and should be read by anyone interested in the early foundations of evolution. This were the kind of lectures and essays that destroy competing arguments from other theories. Something that strikes me is how updated this still is (well considering the time that has passed), and how strong are Huxley's arguments and so well founded. Huxley uses various techniques to make his point, he uses a lot of the new branch of science &quot;comparative anatomy&quot;, and does so like an expert. Simply a delightful reading, a time travel to the origins of the evolution theory.
This is a little book I've been using since day one at work, and let me say it is simply the most practical reference I had ever bought. It has a very concise overview of the principles underlying any diagnosis, an overview of some critical values, a pathologist incline clasification in the book (more disease oriented), and a super complete list of causes that may provoque the anomalies detected and outlined in this book. All in a minute consultation, really fast and easy to use. Simply very, very good.
Of all the history of Christianity (or related books) I've read, which are not that much (maybe 20 or so), this is definitely the best of all. Paul Johnson has written (as always) an erudite History, not a flawless one, but if you want more &quot;before Christ&quot; history, you can always read his &quot;History of the Jews&quot;; if you want a strictly unbiased history... well, I really don't now a less unbiased one than Johnson's.<br />The book is dense, plagued with data, and has a writing style of the intellectual Johnson is. If you are not intimidated with all of this (not that you should), this is definitely &quot;the book for you&quot;. I totally recommend it as a non-specialist-history of religion lover.
The fifth miracle is an outstanding little book that discloses a miriad of possibilities about the origin of life on earth. The controversy arises when Davis exposes some unorthodox theories like Panspermia, the truth is that when he does that he is really persuasive. Paul Davies is an intelligent scientist and one that has kept updated and with experience on field, so his arguments are no less than powerful and convincing, once again, even the controversial ones. Though he doesn't take part in most of the different theories explained, his book might look a little biased, but great, besides he may even be right.
Gerard Piel makes a huge effort trying to synthesize 100 years of science (and by that I mean a really extensive part of it) in one book. The book is written in a very understandable language and is addressed to the lay person, so don't expect deep explanations, but an overall overview. Too much has been said in other reviews about errors in the book. To tell the truth that is the only reason I gave this book four stars, but still is a pretty darn good synthesis and shouldn't be neglected. For anyone interested in a concise review of science in the twentieth century this is a great place to start.
I like to read about various subjects, philosophy is one of them. This book is funny, and at the same time critical. At times I think it's too critical, it's not fair when the one being criticized is not there to defend his ideas or himself (note: himself, some ad hominem attacks are being stated). The title is too ambitious and pretentious, but then again, so is philosophy as a whole. <br />This book certainly is not for beginners, though it doesn't cover all important philosophers in depth, it is still not the best read if this is your first or second philosophy book. I enjoy the book from start to finish, and recommend it to anyone interested in a critical not to deep philosophy book (but only if you too are a critical reader).
Dava Sobel made an excellent job in this book. Family is an aspect of Galileo's life never exploded before (at least not that I know) and totally gives you a different perspective of this controversial and heavily influential individual. Galileo's life, as exposed in Sobel's book, is a very human and touching one. Seeing Galileo from the eyes of his tenderly loving bastard daughter (a nun), evokes such intense conflicting emotions as one might expect only to surge by empathy, a characteristic only obtained when the author makes you compenetrate inside the personage life. A great book, highly recommended for curious people.
I really like this book. The language is clear cristal, not to intricated as it sometimes is in philosophy books. I love this book includes fragments from the original texts of some of the most renown philosophers of all times. These are extremely well selected and each truly represents a particular view (often designated with a philosophical current). The only thing I gave four stars to this book is that I think, and this is my very personal taste, it would had been even better to include a pair of additional philosophers (but I now that in economy terms this was not optimal). I love that the book tries to cover aspects that normally this kind of books don't treat, like the role explanation has in religion and how it can be contrasted with different opinions developed previously. Really enjoyable read.
I found this book a very interesting reading, and surely learned some new facts. This book stimulated my eager to reflect upon what a delicate and intricated concept memory is. I particularly dislike all the &quot;art&quot; references the author makes in every chapter of the book. I really think this was an unnecessary complement that in my opinion not always makes a good pedagogic analogy. The book format was a little bit square, but I suppose that helps to order ideas in one's brain. Anyway, the book is really interesting and the cases are very well selected, though I personally don't like to rely that much on induction, but also I know that sometimes this is inevitable.
It's good to try to explore different aspects of such transcendent people as Leonardo Da Vinci, but I think Michael White stressed it up a little too much. Personally I think Leonardo was not a scientist, he was an incredibly talented heuristic, but that doesn't make him a scientist, a genius maybe (which I certainly believe he was). The book has a good pace and writing style, besides it has some interesting original figures that complement well with the text. As a whole, the book is an interesting one, but I wouldn't recommend it if this is going to be the only one you're reading about Leonardo Da Vinci.
Como una persona curiosa he encontrado este libro altamente satisfactorio. El autor expone la tesis que muchos de los genios histricamente relevantes (la mayora incluso) han sido individuos aquejados por un mal maniaco-depresivo, en el cual han sido increblemente prolficos en sus momentos de mana y sus momentos de depresin (en mucho de ellos) explican el comportamiento aberrante histricamente registrado. Es un libro que se lee en poco tiempo, un excelente acompaante para una lectura de fin de semana.
It would had been great to have this textbook with me while in my school years. It is always a delight to consult Kaplan's text, since it covers most of the lab issues with enough depth. The illustrations are not colored, but they are still pedagogic. Also, the text is enriched with lots of tables that I have found really useful. Besides this new edition is accompanied with a CD (which to be honest I haven't explore deeply). My opinion is that of a professional which has had to reference by work demands, I'm no student, but as I said before this would have made a great companion.
I'm a chemist and in my practical experience in the laboratory I have to say this is probably the best text you will find if you are a analytical reader. Of course, this book is not written with a enjoyable style, but if you bear to read it carefully and really analize the details, you will not regret the effort. This is great for reference and if it wasn't so dull in style It will make a great job as a textbook too, besides this is a classic.
This is definitively one of the best Clinical Chemistry books I know. At work I routinely need to consult information and this makes a great reference book to search for in depth explanations. Now, I don't feel this would be good for a student, I feel this book is a little dense and treats some issues in such a way that might be a little intricate for the first contact with them. I believe you need some practical work experience to really take all the juice out of it, though I don't mean I'm not recommending it to students. This is a great book to anyone, the only thing is I don't concieve it as a texbook (for this I'll better recommend Kaplan &amp; Pesce &quot;Clinical Chemistry&quot;, which is an easier reading while not compromising much depth).
We are so embedded in our modern cities and modern way of life (digital communications, home deliveries, grocery stores...) that almost nobody stops to think if we behave as \\"normal\\" homo sapiens. Well, here is Dr. Morris telling us we don't. Yeah, every now and then we hear about someone saying we are living in sin, the end of the world is near, anarchy rules and stuff like that, this book has nothing to do with that (and Im not criticizing any ideology, just demarcating an important diference). This book contains serious opinions of a highly educated scholar whose specialty has trained him to look at details we normally don't pay attention to, and Dr. Morris makes interesting correlations between behaviour manifested in animals (specially apes) in captivity and with humans in big cities. It is always refreshing to read original opinions based on serious studies by intelligent individuals with different mental models, highly recommended reading.
Recently I've been interested in Ethics, but I'm no expert. This is a well landed ethics book, you won't feel laden by lots of philosophy terminology or theories since the author treats you as a non specialist. Applbaum gives a solid argument and guides you through different profession perspectives (since he sees professions as qualified entities for social roles) and the social part each represents. Interesting perspective, this book surely made me cogitate and opened my mind to different views and new understanding. Of course this is no &quot;I can't get this book down&quot; kind of reading, but is really bearable and at the end leaves you with a sense of confort feeling you have broken restrictive mental models about professional life and behaviour. Very nice book, recommendable.
Este es el nico libro que que ledo de Cristopher Mc Gowan, el libro es excelente. Trata muchos de los aspectos bsicos que todo paleontlogo debe dominar, tales como la fsica de los cuerpos en movimiento, en vuelo, o las estrategias de ahorro de calor o energa, entre muchos ms. Adems argumenta con estricto apego a la lgica y las pruebas con que se cuenta. Definitivamente es un experto en su rea y posee el don de la clara y entretenida comunicacin. Una lectura que bien podra haberse hecho tediosa y tcnica, acaba siendo tremendamente interesante y una revelacin para nuestra curiosidad. Totalmente recomendable para los amantes de la historia natural.
Wow, I have to say this is the first book I read of Carl Zimmer, he really impress me. The book is graphically wonderful, it has lots of pictures and some sketches that support the text. You can almost read it as a textbook, but this one is much more interesting. The way Zimmer states the plot (which of course is history, not fiction) and how he explains the current states of affairs (considering herbicides, plaguicides, genetic modified food, etc.) and its impact in ecology is that of a first class novelist. He covers almost every aspect of evolution you can imagine, so he cleverly responds (almost telepathically) to the interior questions nurtured while reading the text. Superb, I love this book.
First of all, this book is an easy read. Now, don't get me wrong, this doesn't mean the book is not worth reading it, this means just that the author uses a lay language, not much profundity, and this is a short book (specially short for a history of medicine). Anyway, Porter's book treats every epoch in medicine history, if you don't intend to spend much time reading about medicine history, well, this is your book, it's complete, concise and comprehensibly.
Eight little piggies is just one of a series of essay collections Gould masterly wrote. He was one of the very few people that combines deep knowledge and common sense (by the way, not so common really). Gould was a writer, a teacher, a scientist, an intellectual, and if you allow me, an empirical philosopher to say the least. Reading a collection of essays like this is like making a journey inside one of the brilliant minds of the twentieth century, an experience worth the try (if you dare to compromise your own prejudices to such an elocuent argumentative person). If you are a Natural History lover, don't hesitate, this is for you.
The late Stephen Jay Gould just managed to close this huge chapter in his life before leaving us with an incredible heap of reflections, just in his whole collection of assays (300 of them), not to say in all his other books. Such a fertile writer might give the impression of scarce profundity, nothing more different from the truth. Gould guides us through history, art and science with such an ease that makes you feel a Gaia voyager in a never ending trip. He was such a heuristic and resourceful guide, you end up completely spellbound with his eloquent digresions. Lovely, just lovely, as always.
Is there any other type of modern biology? Evolution is so deeply interwined in today's biology that it almost seems a tautology to classify this book under Evolutionary Biology. Gould's reflections are masterpieces of rationality and logic heavily supported with facts and exposed with an uneven grace and uniqueness. This, as a lot of other Gould's books, is a collection of essays that don't need to be read in order since they are not chapters, their organization obeys the main subject of each essay, not a unique plot developed along the book. This is an easy and incredibly interesting journey inside reason and natural science, please don't hesitate if you want to be taken by the hand of one of the greatest zoologists of the twentieth century.
If you are a Biologist or are a curious naturalist this is a book for you. Mayr makes an outstanding abstract of evolution, he clearly defines it with mastery. I would just like to add that this is my favorite subject and have read a good amount of books on evolution and this is clearly one of the best (don't be mislead by the size nor the price). Of course there are huge treatises on evolution (like The Structure of Evolution, of Stephen Jay Gould), but such a Bible is, for most of the cases, unpractical and unnecessary. Mayr clears evolutions' place in Biology putting it at its' very center. Great book, great style.
Ernst Mayr is one of my favorite natural science writers. He has the experience of a lifetime (to say the least, since he has over 70 active years in the field) in biology. Mayr has an exquisite writing style and lots of anecdotes to share, besides he surely is an intellectual though never makes you feel neophyte, on the contrary, he guides you with ease and a critic view on nature itself. &quot;This is Biology&quot; is enriched with personal opinions and, of course, reflects the authors' view modeled by only seven decades of experience among the best.
I really didn't knew exactly what to expect. I have to say I wasn't disappointed, but was a little overwhelm with some new concepts (maybe it was just that I read this book while in my honeymoon). Anyway, I am no mathematics genius (I'm really far from that) but I'm a curious guy and this book fulfill my eager, while by the way make me use some slept neurons hibernating since my college days. My background is not mathematical, but you don't need much mathematics to drive you through to book, besides it was really interesting to see biological applications of mathematical abstractions. This was a wonderful read without troubling with numbers and formulas.
This is one of the books I have enjoy the most. I won't say it blows down all and everyone of the arguments creationists had ever construct, but it gives you the logical background to judge between sides (evolutionists vs. creationists). I just love to read a coherent, clear and remarkably well written book about evolution and its historic differences with religion. I really don't recommend this book to anyone intending to approach it with prejudices. It is always deeply disturbing to read reviews attacking a book like this with arguments so inconsistent with the ones found in the book. This means that the reader didn't understand the text, or maybe he read it with the only intention of criticize it later, or worst of all, did not read it, but anyway criticize it. <BR>So this book is a great read anytime and anywhere, besides, you don't need much background in evolution to understand it and enjoy it.
Richard Dawkins is one of the best natural science writers of our time. This is a must read for anyone trying to familiarize with Dawkin's ideas; a really great representative book of his thought. Dawkins is no traditional evolution thinker, he is continually trying to visualize nature as a hole, trying not to loose perspective and seeing the big picture. He surely is an excellent system observer and analyzer. Is he right? Honestly, I don't know. What I know is that his view of nature is clarifying and aids you to understand things otherwise would be kind of intricated in essence.<br />I really recommend this book to anyone interested in evolution, specially in an unorthodox view of evolution.
The truth is I had never before read a book from Bill Bryson, though I have to say he made a good attempt telling the story of Natural Science. The thing is Bryson is no scientist and to make matters worse I'm pretty sure he didn't knew much about the subject before he decided to give it a try. The book is a pleasant reading since the author's style is coloquial and fluid. Also, it seems he made an extensive research to backup his writing, and that too is a book plus. Basically the four stars reflect my opinion on the way the story is told (not the style, but the order of things and the lack of connection between Bryson's history) and on the lack of clear and deep scientific explanations bounded to history.
Richard Dawkins is a great Darwanian defender and a mayor evolution thinker. This book is a marvellous introduction to evolution and his ideas. You may not agree 100% with Dawkins, but it is irrefutable that his theories are worth considering, and what's more important, his view of life is clarifying. If you are not an expert and just want to have a general perspective of evolution or want to know what's all the fuzz about creationists a evolutionists, well, this is a really good book to begin.<br />Just a final note, if you are familiarized with Dawkins works you may feel this book too basic. It will be better to try some of his other works.
This book has been a wonderful lecture, for me reading Dawkins is always interesting. This book was no exception. No matter what you may read about Dawkins arguments being simplistic or about him being condescending or whatever other critics, I assure you, this book has a lot of interesting views that deserve being taken into account. What I personally like about this book (and all of Dawkins books) is that they always give me a lot to think about. It's not only what the book says, but what the book doesn't say that makes it so interesting. It's not really a matter of how good an example is to refute a creationist view, it's about a whole lot of them that are overwhelmingly numerous and imposible to print. Dawkins uses examples, just examples. <br />The other delight I find worth mentioning here is the analogy. I really find the analogies Dawkins uses really acute (though every now and then one can find exceptions, but no analogy can be taken farther than what it was initially conceived to). This is simply a five stars book, I won't give you a long review, I hate them, the book is great.
The complete title of this review is &quot;Philosophic common sense applied to Science Evolution of Thought&quot;. Basically the central thesis of Kuhn was that science evolves through paradigm shifts, and of course he conceives science as a compound of theories and laws based on the most agreeable paradigms of the epoch. I found this book refreshing and interesting from at least two perspectives, filosofically and historically. Also this book is read as a compendium of consecutive works that altogether make a coherent thesis, so it's easy reading it. Finally, Kuhn's style is very friendly and personal, so you really feel he is urging you to follow him in all his arguments. Reading this book was a great experience for me, and I highly recommend it.
First of all, I would like to say in my behalf that I'm no logic expert, and that I had to cut Popper's book in chapter 8 just to read an introduction to Logic before I continue further in my personal experience with Popper. This book is a classical one, I had just seen references to it before, so I decided to give it a try. Boy, I was so out of my territory I felt really confused at times, but finally manage to get through the technical issues. This was a hard reading book for me, but I don't regret the month I devote to it, all the effort was worth it. So, why do I gave it four stars then? Well, just because it was hard, sorry, I don't have a better argument, but it's true, if you don't poses a solid background in Logic this would be a hard reading. I'm not going to talk much about this book content since I don't like that much, and everybody seems to do that, there's even some really good reviews in this page that make a better job that the one I could. Finally I will like to say that if you are interested in the philosophy behind scientific work, this is a wonderful book.
Charles Murray is a controversy writer, ever since his &quot;Bell Curve&quot; it has been obvious that he poses convictions (or maybe prejudices) that moves him. Although I approach this book with skepticism, and may not be in total agreement with his conclusions, I have to admit he has done a valid attempt to measure Human Accomplishments (not an easy task, and certainly an elusive one). It's logical that some relativity has to be involved in such a measure, anyone trying to do so will inevitably have to define a method, which in turn will definitely have to use subjective or indirect indicators. So, even if I'm not 100% convinced by his methods or in agreement with all his conclusions, I have to admit he has done a tremendous effort and a great job, Charles Murray deserves credit for this, and for making an otherwise coffe table book an excellent read.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
I recommend this book to anyone who want's to identify and familiarize with different currents of thought in evolution, but this two gigants are not the only ones with opinion. Gould and Dawkins, both great scientists and great thinkers, are not the only ones with valid opinions on this subject, what they have that makes them exploitable is a long history of mild or irrelevant disagreements. A mild disagreement for example is that Dawkins goes for the gene as the target for selection, Gould don't think that way. An irrelevant disagreement may be that Dawkins is an atheist and Gould really believes in God. The principal flaw I see is that there are more players in this game, there's also Ernst Mayr, for example, that doesn't support the gene as the unit of selection, and doesn't support punctuated equilibrium either. But all of them agree in most of the other basis of the theory, though the unit of selection is an important point.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His arguments, of course, are no longer useful to creationists, this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory, but at his time this was a must read. Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later, when they were students, and this book imprint (at least as I'm concern) a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory. It is so well written, and, again, so well founded, that dismiss it was quite a task. Recently Dawkins wrote a book &quot;The blind Watchmaker&quot; that was inspired by Paley's &quot;Natural Theology&quot;, and solidly refutes his arguments (irrefutable in Paley's time, since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so). This is a classic book, it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives, I highly recommend it.
Don't get me wrong, I liked the book, the problem is it seems to me James Secord digress too much. It's a good thing to know the context at which the events took place, but too much detail sometimes makes reading hard. Secord definitively can't be accused of superfluos, he really did a profound investigation and a great effort, though a little hard sometimes, the book still is worth reading.
I gave this book four stars since sometimes it was a little tedious to read. However, the conception of the book is original, and the author anecdotes are well placed and very famlilar. He makes you feel as if you are really getting to know him. I liked his style and his original view, although personally I don't like Dante that much. This is a very good book for the layman, and might not be that interesting for someone with fair background in neurosciences.
I believe Jared Diamond has made an excellent job explaining the rise of human civilizations, conquests, and diasporas. Although many of his point had previously been made, and accepted, by different authorities, nobody (at least as far as I'm concern) had ever integrated all that knowledge in one fine book. I've heard all kinds of opinions on this book, I believe the people that didn't like it are the ones that are not used to read science or philosophy, they are more used to novels and other styles of writing that are more light reading. This book certainly forces you to reflect a lot, and also to keep concentration throughout all of it. I recommend it if you are used to read science literature and want to reflect on human actual distribution and cultures.
This is one of the most enjoyable books I have read this year. It's a true time travel through pre &quot;Darwin-Wallace&quot; natural history, and even more, since it deals with theories as the Nebular Hypothesis. This was, at his time, an all best-seller, specially if you consider it was a science book and not a novel. Robert Chambers style is exquisite, it certainly was a pleasure reading this book, and as in all books from certain epoch, this one is no exception, you can clearly read between the lines and learn a lot about what victorian society believed and what prejudices did they had. Delightful, but if you don't enjoy classics, please dont' even try this one, this is only for classic lovers.
Alfred Russel Wallace was a great naturalist of the nineteenth century, (codiscoverer of the evolutionary theory by means of natural selection with Darwin) he wrote several classics in science literature. Two things operated against him, his belief in the occult and the great prestige Darwin already had when he was just a young naturalist making great discoveries in Darwin's own line of investigation. <br />This particular book was written when Wallace was a mature scientist and had already a prestigious carreer. He used his experience and previous works to theorize in Species Distribution through Islands all over the world. He personally made lots of field work (a marked difference with Darwin, since the latter suffered most of his life with bad health) and by then personally knew most of the elite scientists of that epoch. All this ingredients and many more make this a must read book for the science historian or anyone interested in the evolution of thought in the evolution theory. This reading is particularly interesting too, because all this was previous to the theory of continental drift and plate tectonics in 1915, so Wallace had to deal with the species distribution problem in islands without this knowledge. A must read book.
I bought this book since a University offered me a Molecular Medicine postgraduate class. The truth is I find the book too basic, but I gave it four stars because even though It's simple, It has a very good order and few but very well searched examples. It is a very good choice for somebody willing to have a first approximation with molecular medicine; for somebody with background in the subject I don't recommend it.
Alfred Russel Wallace was a great naturalist of the nineteenth century, (codiscoverer of the evolutionary theory by means of natural selection with Darwin) he wrote several classics in science literature. Two things operated against him, his belief in the occult and the great prestige Darwin already had when he was just a young naturalist making great discoveries in Darwin's own line of investigation. <br />This particular book was written when Wallace was a mature scientist and had already a prestigious carreer. He used his experience and previous works to theorize in Species Distribution through Islands all over the world. He personally made lots of field work (a marked difference with Darwin, since the latter suffered most of his life with bad health) and by then personally knew most of the elite scientists of that epoch. All this ingredients and many more make this a must read book for the science historian or anyone interested in the evolution of thought in the evolution theory. This reading is particularly interesting too, because all this was previous to the theory of continental drift and plate tectonics in 1915, so Wallace had to deal with the species distribution problem in islands without this knowledge. A must read book.
I admit it, I'm a Stephen Jay Gould fan. As always, it was delightful to lay back and read each and every one of the essays in this book. This is not just science, this is reason, objectivity, philosophy and history (at least). Stephen's prose is remarkable, his style is so unique, something in between nineteen and twentieth century. Although this book is not new, Stephen is profound in every aspect and so meticulous in his work that ten or twenty years from now you can read it again and still learn something from it. If you like science, evolution or biology, even if you just enjoy good, logical and profound arguments, I guarantee you will like this book.
First of all, I have to admit I liked the book. This is a good book if you are looking for something entertaining and easy reading. This is very basic science accesible for the lay person. This is too the reason I gave it four stars, I believe it is too superficial and shallow. Sometimes the author tends to exagerate discoveries and predictions about the future, at least that is my impression. That strategy sells, but I tend to dislike it when authors do that, this subject is really interesting as it really is, no exaggeration is necessary. <br />In conclusion, I like the book and recommend it for anyone interested in the subject, but with the precaution that it is nor deep nor conservative.
This is undoubtly an interesting subject. Borrelia burgdorferi is an important pathogen and serve as a good model to explain some ways in which we have altered the environment and the resulting ecological consequences. Ecology and microbiology as the ecology of parasites in general are extremely important subjects we should all be conscientious and aware of. Particularly interesting is the ecological history of Borrelia burgdorferi and his vector. <br />The reason I only gave three stars to this book is that I felt it is superficial. Arno Karlen does not explain intimate relations between Borrelia and Ioxodes, nor between Ioxodes and deer, he just mentions the relations between them, but do not explain intimacies.
William Paley sure was an intelligent man. His reasoning was flawless and his knowledge ample (he knew a lot considering the knowledge of his time). Unfortunately , Paley lived before Darwin published &quot;The origin of species&quot; and like any other priest of his time (and the vast majority of the people in his time too) he believed God had nicely fix every little detail so he and all human kind would live in a perfectly &quot;fit for human&quot; world. He believed in the design of the &quot;superior being&quot; (God, of course) and he nicely explained it at the beginning of Natural Theology. This is a must to anyone interested in the evolution of evolutionary thought, and wants to know about one strong theological basis Victorians had opposing evolution.
I really enjoy this book. Louis Breger takes no party and stays neutral in his judgements. He (being a phychoanalist himself) analyses Freud's behavior and work, even his relationship with everyone who was close to him. He never forgets to maintain you in the historical context, which is really helpful since Freud's work was influenced (up to a certain degree) by the environment he was experiencing. Freud was (no doubt about it) one of the most influencing characters of recent history, his work is still echoing today, and controversies are still arising around his work. He prepared the terrain for much of todays psychoanalysis. I highly recommend this book as a deep biography about a deep man.
Today's world is stuffed with &quot;science&quot;, we all think ourselves as scientists (in a higher o lesser degree). Nobody wants to be ignorant in a world that values knowledge like we do. The problem with all this is that knowledge nowadays is extremely broad and I strongly doubt anybody masters all roots of modern science (people like Isaac Asimov dont grow on trees). So its somewhat easy for the profane to get lost in a sea of information; not having a guide to help us discern between science and pseudoscience. I really think anyone concern or compromised with truth should read thoroughly this book. I recommend it as one of the best in the subject, besides it is easy reading.
Carl Sagan was surely a man with perspective. He was involved in great scientific teams and proyects, but he was not only a Scientist doing science in isolation, he had deep concerns in the world he was leaving. Being this his posthumous book (he was actually dying, and died without finishing it, his widow ,Chemist by the way, Ann Druyan finished it for him) he shows his concerns on ecology, politics, wars, to name a few. You should read this book if you share his concerns, it gives you perspective on this issues and helps you make judgements based on evidence.
I think this book took an enormous amount of work from Colin Tudge. Although he has a Scientific background he is certainly not a toxonomist. I'm not really versed in Taxonomy myself so for me the book is great. The prose he uses and the simplicity of his language makes it easy to understand what he has to say. I don't know why, perhaps this subject is so attracting for me, that I might tend to be obliging with the book. The truth is I felt rejoicing every time I read a couple of pages and study the drawings. It's like making an atemporal journey, just fantastic. I strongly recommend it.
First of all, let me say I feel a special admiration for Richard Lewontin. I believe he is a really smart man and always has an interesting point of view and lots of knowledge to sustain his opinions. This short collection of Reviews he wrote in The New York Review of Books undoubtly endorse my personal opinion on the author. I really recommend this book to anyone with some background on genetics, evolution and biology who wants to enrich his (hers) personal opinion on diverse themes in this subjects. I did not gave this book 5 stars because the reviews contained in it are not new. Although he writes some stuff at the end of his reviews in an attempt to update them, I believe that if he was to write them again, today, he might have changed (maybe, just maybe) a great deal of them. I think Richard Lewontin has more interesting things to say about this themes today than 12 or 20 years ago. He certainly has grown in knowledge and surely has mature his ideas with time and scientific enrichment. Just because he could have gave us more I did not give him 5 stars.
This a book that talks about cloning (though I think you knew that already), what I did not liked is that this book is plagued with descriptions about the physical appearance of the authors, their families, the places they come from, their personalities, etc. Don't get me wrong, I admire this couple of investigators, what they did is a landmark in biological science, but I expected more science and less digresion. The scientific part of the book is interesting, you don't need to be an expert to understand the principles of cloning in this writing style. The rest of it is bearable. I recommend this book even though I disliked so many non relevant facts.
Dr. Morris does a great job describing humans as we are. He clearly set aside all of our egocentric perspective and our &quot;special&quot; place in &quot;creation&quot;. He undoubtly explains we are just another ape, a singular one , but finally apes. I really like his writing style, he is very clear in everything he explains and has lots of scientific evidence to support his ideas and perspective. This is a book I highly recommend to anyone interested in humans as the animals we are, just to know the zoologist perspective. A last warning must be made, this is not a recent book, it is a classic one (at least I consider it a classic) so if anyone is really interested in this subject a good advice is to try reading recent books to be updated.
Ok, this will be a short one. The book is really good, I recommend it vastly. As a molecular biologist I am impressed with the expertise of L. L. Cavalli-Sforza in varios areas of science. He does not only manage to comunicate in an easy manner the complexities of genetics and molecular biology (related to this subject), but also accomplishes to clarify lots of linguistic information gathered through his life studies. This last topic was the hardest for me to understand, though I believe language studies are not easy. So, as said in the beginning, this book is highly recommended.
I believe Richard Fortey did a really good job with this book. It is educational and entertaining. The only problem, I believe is that the task of writing the natural history of the first four billion years of life on earth is huge. Richard Fortey is unquestionably an authority, but maybe a one author quest for such an issue is not just (though I insist that definitively he did a great job). There were some interesting things skipped through the history of life as it is told by Fortey and he relies mostly on Paleontology. I was tempted to give this book 5 stars, but this kept bothering me. Fortey shares some anecdotes as a student and some of his trips, that is something I particularly liked, this helped making the reading more bearable and entertaining.
This is an excellent review of the issues raised with manipulation of human stem cells. It covers all kinds of scenarios and sees them through various perspectives. The book is enriched by essays from distinguish authorities in complementary areas. Everyone gives their opinion and explains their point of view in a non-techincal language. Besides it includes a very interesting interview with a panel of personalities such as James Watson. I do not like long reviews, so this would be short too, just to finish a last warning, this is not the latest publication on the subject and since its publication tons of related work has been done. This is important so if you want to be updated you will certainly need recent information, nevertheless this covers all in an excellet manner, I highly recommend it.
Ok, so my review will be short. I believe this book is excelent since it accomplish to set clear why genetic determinism is wrong. Genes do not act by their own, they do so inside a cell which (at least in multicelular organisms) is just one more in millions (being that a prudent estimate to a small organism) whith whom it comunicates. Now, this is just part of the story, you still have to consider this organism lives in a specific habitat in which it develops (crucial step) and in which it feeds, moves (if it can), etc. So utimately genes are a full orchestra directed by surroundings.<br />I highly recomend this book to anyone interested in Molecular Biology, Genetics or Developmental Biology, it is basic but esential.
I gave this books 3 stars though the authors did an excellent job gathering historical documentation (including government documentation) and personal interviews. I believe the book lacks technical information about the biological agents it mentions. The little information you find is at times too imprecise, besides the book is too full of facts and historical information that I sometimes had to go back a couple of pages to refresh my memory just to find out later that it had been in vain since finally the idea, concept or plan being developed ended up in a completely different way. So it is a little confuse to read although the authors writing style is bearable. This book makes you concient of the real threat biological warefare is and the lab hours and dollars invested in it. What a cheap and powerful weapon an insignificant germ is.
