I found All the Rage's plot a little annoying; yet the characters and circumstances were so up beat and dynamic who could fill to enjoy the book?  Hosts though...Seemed to be a repetition of many of the major plot points of All the Rage worse it didn't have the dynamics.  I never thought I'd give a Repairman Jack book three stars; but with great reluctance...I do.
This book is just straight, streamlined thriller: no romance, no political agenda, no religious agenda, a little tip of the hat for a sadistic shoulder angel (Everybody's got to love him!)  And that's it you'll be-bang-right out of your reading chair up through the roof on the Vertical Run!  BUY IT!!
I fully enjoyed the movie Joshua which led me to buy this book on tape. I am glad I have it.  It only cost me a few bucks; but now, these were my disappointments: I thought the movie Joshua had a too propagandic ending and thought that it should have been cut. The book was far worse, and actually on occasion out right interrupted the story line to tell the reader what was right and what was wrong about religion and life in a sermon style. Okay so that was my first big disappointment. Second was: this spun a whole fairy tale world around Joshua that was so outrages I couldn't even believe it for a fairy tale. But I still did and still do enjoy the book just be ware of some propaganda.
This book is not a typical detective fiction.  ...This book is a detective fiction essentially designed to pick on every aspect of the whole detective fiction genera.  So it's a book with ridiculous action, jokes on  top of corny junks, and crazy idiotic characters all played up to be probably one of the world's funniest bashes on detective fiction.  It's great fun and non-stop laughs.... Buy this if your looking for a joke book with a story-line.
Every Christian fiction starts with some: Why would God? question. This one starts with: Why would God let an old woman have a scary dream. I really don't think I need say any more. Out of all the why would God question I've ever heard; I have never ever heard worse.
This is a right-wing, conservative, fundamentalist, militia type of book.  They're the white male patriots, they know they're right and everybody else has to go (In God's name of course.)  Now if you're still thinking oh cool action adventure!  NOPE!  Only about three action scene occur in the whole book and when I mean action I mean action in like the movement of the arm.  The entire rest of the book is dialogue between all the other characters pointed at you the reader so they can talk you into joining their little group.  The dialogue is so bad it's like something right out of a deer hunting video: \\"And I knew the deer was right over the ridge cause I heard him rubbing.\\"  \\"Yeah, and you knew to move on your heals cause it makes less noise.\\"  \\"Yeah, and I knew that he'd never get my scent cause he was down in the valley and the will blow across.\\"  \\"Yeah, and you know to pull the trigger and not squeeze.\\"  If you want to be converted over to joining the militia buy this text book other wise.  NO!!!
All religious faiths try to limit God's love.  (Especially us Christians)  We might as well say: `For God so Loved the Christians that He gave-&quot;  God loves the world!  This is probably the most dramatic story of God's love ever told outside the Crucifixion.  (And this is also a True story of the supernatural.)  I'm not talking about the fuzzy I'm sitting on a warm spot super natural.  This is a story of angels, heaven, Christ, and even hell (Don't expect the American-Christian hell.)  I think in this story the greatest place Christ's light is shown was in the depths of hell as he reached out even beyond the grave to save not only the souls of those in hell; but the soul of this writer before this writer was actually, literally brought back to life.  Beautiful, beautiful story made me cry!  And I'm a teenage male!!  (It's not easy to make me cry!)
I leafed through this book and it's beginning was great; everything went down hill after I paid for it. The characters became so old and so clich just like all the other ones I'd read. The heroine has to be the stupidest thing since the first fiction writer ever scratched charcoal on a stone wall. I tell you if girls were easy as she was; it would be good to be a man!!! On top of that all the internal dialogue with the heroine and hero only proves that they are both the stupidest human beings ever to have a brain. They change their minds every single line, and with all the slashing around I get to feeling like I'm in a washing machine!!
I confess I haven't read past about page nine, and I don't plan to. This book is so clich. An assassin who's tired of killing people and wants to settle down. (Heard it a thousand times in about a hundred different ways.) Nothing in it was interesting the main character seemed like every character I had ever seen on TV. Also if your looking for good spy/assassin type action; this book doesn't have it. On I think page three, the hero assassin captures another assassin by putting a gun to his back--//////WRONG!!!! Even FBI is taught to never move in closer than six feet; because any body good can move faster than any human body can react within a range of six feet.
The characters in this book are both good and bad. (Nora is Awesome; everybody else is stupid.) My problem with the book is it's such a downer. If I want to learn that drugs are bad and will ruin my life, I can get that out of my science book. I'm reading fiction cause I want to have fun.
The series was based on an intriguing topic, but the author took so disgustingly long to say anything the only thing left in the series was suspense, and the only suspense was: WHEN IS ANYTHING EVER GOING TO HAPPEN??
The series was based on an intriguing topic, but the author took so disgustingly long to say anything the only thing left in the series was suspense, and the only suspense was: WHEN IS ANYTHING EVER GOING TO HAPPEN??
The series was based on an intriguing topic, but the author took so disgustingly long to say anything the only thing left in the series was suspense, and the only suspense was: WHEN IS ANYTHING EVER GOING TO HAPPEN??
The series was based on an intriguing topic, but the author took so disgustingly long to say anything the only thing left in the series was suspense, and the only suspense was: WHEN IS ANYTHING EVER GOING TO HAPPEN??
The series was based on an intriguing topic, but the author took so disgustingly long to say anything the only thing left in the series was suspense, and the only suspense was: WHEN IS ANYTHING EVER GOING TO HAPPEN??
When I first got this book, I chucked it aside; because, the first half of it was all about Stephen King; maybe, a lot of you like that; but I think he's too much of a setting oriented writer; and I get board reading his stuff; so naturally, I didn't want to hear about his life. <BR>Well, I discovered after about a month that the last half of the book was his writing advice. Pay Dirt-Literally! It's like my writing devotional; the insights he gives on writing are absolutely brilliant and down to earth, NOT things like 'write with a clearer perspective'-Hu?! Each of his insights are simple and useable like: 'try writing with music on.' Nothing difficult or elusive, just ideas that have helped make him one of America's greatest living writers. Anyone who writes or wants to write should read this book; whether or not you like King's writing.<BR>I so thank Stephen King for writing this book. It's the best.
The series was based on an intriguing topic, but the author took so disgustingly long to say anything the only thing left in the series was suspense, and the only suspense was: WHEN IS ANYTHING EVER GOING TO HAPPEN??
The series was based on an intriguing topic, but the author took so disgustingly long to say anything the only thing left in the series was suspense, and the only suspense was: WHEN IS ANYTHING EVER GOING TO HAPPEN??
When people in New York City get caught in a place where they can't go to the authorities for help; they turn to Repairman Jack, a man without any real care for law and order; just a good heart, a sense of justice, and a violent streak.<BR> This story contains three different adventures of his, that all work together to bring you through one of the best action adventure books on the market.<BR>Buy it; it'll be wild.
This book was fast paced and techno, but most of the action lay in dialogue between commanders so that the book could fit twenty battles where most would fit one, and despite the amount of dialogue between commanders I could never get to love the people enough to get emotional over the events. It was rather more like history to me. So and so won a battle, and so and so then got shot in the head because of another so and so's conspiracy, and then the other so and so lost a battle. But if you like books that are techno military without much emotion and with a bird's eye view of a hundred battle scenes buy this book; it's probably Tom Clancy's best. Else wise I would really recommend a book named: Cain by James Byron Huggins.
We watch a sixteen-seventeen year-old child fight cancer to his own death, but we learn to love the child and the family, and hopefully learn how to make our lives and our loves better by this reading.
A simple but in depth reference book that lets us look up any word in the new testament and find out it's meaning, or meanings, it's pronunciation and Greek spelling, it's roots, and derivations, places it is used in the Bible, and all kind of other interesting thing in a paragraph or so.  The only other thing you should know before you do buy this is you have to have a Strong's concordance to work with to know which English Bible words correspond to which Greek word.
People go back and forth on this book the main argument is: John Grisham wrote a parable about a man who does good for the poor.  If you want to read an inspirational, heart warming, a little preachy legal thriller, read this.  If you don't want to, don't read this.
The words seem to flow into a living thing, and the idea of this Sacred Sin is intriguing.  Unfortunately, though, I couldn't believe in the string of events that transpired to put so many unlikely characters together, and I definitely couldn't  believe in characters who constantly said they couldn't believe themselves or what they had just done, and what annoyed me the most was the characters were so ultra cool or ultra stupid or ultra rude or worst of all ultra heroic; nobody was normal.  (Or Real!)
This book was really fast paced until it slowed down to almost a complete halt! When I first picked this book up I loved it; it was like riding a lighting bolt; but about page a hundred I started realizing that all the surprises were so old and used they were like a piece of gum on the road that's been hit by every other Mac truck that goes by. By about page two hundred I saw the surprises coming so far ahead it made me feel like I was writing the book. Worse I found that the heroes's characters could be summed up as sexy but normal, plain, bland, boring huminoid robots. I got so mad I skipped to the epilogue read it. That's when I sat up in bed and said, \\"That's stuuuuuupid.\\" I haven't finished the book and don't plan on doing so. The writer said some certain things in the book would happen, but they didn't.  I'm not talking about a twist.  I love twists; I'm talking about a narrative lie; and if you ask me, he cheated the reader; he cheated me!! And I'm mad!!
This is like getting dropped into a fantasy world, an instruction manual on their magic or an encyclopedia on their culture or maybe a museum display of their creatures-Fun and Fantasies.  George Lucas must have realized, though, that this would eventually bore many people, so he nicely wove it together with a lot of wild action and really dramatic magic; the outcome was a quite wonderful book, and a great chance to slip into another world.
Oh, mighty deity of heaven relieve us of this burden which me must bare.  Why does Detective Fiction happen to good people?  I don't get this whole genera and believe me I have tried really hard to get it.  Every book begins with something bad happening then about a hundred pages of nothing happening to somebody nobody cares about.  (The Detective).  Worse we are then stuck with this idiot while he bumbles his boring way through the villain's plot to kill another totally unrelated character nobody cares about.  Then the stupid detective winds up killing the only interesting character in the book (the villain).  Then he marries the only sexy character in the book and for some reason the better half of the world loves reading it.  How in the smoking chars of the home of the lost souls did this ever come to be?<br /><br />PS: If you thinks this review was a little odd meat me in person!
This is called horror.  I wouldn't call it horror in the least; and I wouldn't say that it's plotted very well; but the premise is extremely intriguing philosophically and morally speaking.
This story has a nominally interesting detective adventure which could have done all right as a stand alone. <BR>It also has an incredible bunch of dialogue and interaction with Hannibal.<BR>But that's it the author should have realized this is not a story, but two stories crammed into one book like mixing oil and water. No-can-do!<BR>There is almost no suspense because the action lies with Hannibal who really has nothing to do with the story. <BR>The author obviously loves his character Hannibal too much, so he gave him a major portion for an insignificant roll.<BR>Which makes for monstrous boredom.
This book rocketed away with me clinging desperately to it for one of the greatest rides of my life.  (In literature!)  Not only was it a fast passed, hard nosed thriller like Tom Clancy or James Huggins' stuff; it was full of whit and punch to rival Mark Twain.  Hop on and catch the ride too!<br />PS: I have to say I really enjoyed the New York accent the reader of this book would put into some of his characters and you may want to listen to this as opposed to reading it.
First the book opens with a great chapter about observation.  Then it goes into the different senses, and shows how they relate to emotions and feelings.  It gets into a lot of great mechanics of writing.  If someone doesn't get something and most likely a lot of something out of this book...well let's just say I'd be shocked.  This did so much for my writing.  It's fast paced, no nonsense and great!
\\"Legal thrillers\\" I still wonder how they didn't come to be called \\"legal borers\\". I hate legal thrillers-except this one that's why I wanted to review it! This was one comes in like a bomb in the middle of your living room.  In most legal thrillers the romance seems to be a footnote; but not this book.  It is the tension in the plot-and boy does it have a plot-compared to most legal thrillers this plot is like tic tac toe against three dimensional chess. <BR>This is one of the very few legal thrillers that actually thrills.
Dumbest book in the world.  If you want to use it to teach children a good moral lesson in character it's okay; but that's about it.  Here I'll some up the story line for you:<br />\\"Oh, I found money-Humm...I better give it back to the owner-I bet the owner will fall in love with me-Then we'll live happily ever after!\\"  <br />Give me a break and try writing something with some suspence or action or adventure or real romance or something!
A completely unbelievable cast yet exotic cast of villains and victims; then for balance a totally believable and horrendously boring, dull, dumb, and anticlimactic hero. (Somehow the writer believes this will make his story both exciting and believable.) Yet it makes for a completely unbelievable and completely boring story.<BR>If you're looking for detective fiction I have two recommendations from either side of the spectrum. First F Paul Wilson's Repair Man Jack series (This is Self Appointed officer of Justice-actually an outlaw in New York City fighting for his own ideals of justice.) If you don't like the dark intensity then try the other side of the spectrum: Sir Arthur Conan Doyal's Sherlock Holmes series. This is very loose and detatched put it down and pick it up whenever you want; the joy of this is just watching the brilliant observations unfold.
Normal detective plot: Tough guy detective, sexy babe female detective, a little chemistrym, a few problems, and a bad guy to run down. Nothing new, nothing good, nothing worth reading.  <br />Check out F. Paul Wilson's Repair Man Jack novels.  You'll find some good detective fiction there.
It's got a complex mystery but no reason in the world why the reader should care. All the main characters are board and boring.
This is essentially a collection of short stories about how time and variations in the motion of time would effect our world. Some of them are quite poetically beautiful, but this--I don't think--should qualify as fiction; I am not saying that to put it down. It's one of the most intriguing looks at time that you could spend your time on. Very scientific, but still very fun.
When I finished this story I was like that's it?! Where was the plot, and the conflict?! The only thing I would call a twist in the story was that it had absolutely no twists! Almost everything in the story seemed to be completely irrelevant to everything else. ...
This is a very good beginner book and still helpful to the intermediate, but it is not one I would recommend for the pros. It is a faster pace than say the series Elements of Fiction. It does cover just about everything in fiction; though it's coverage is a little shallow. All in all I am glad I bought the book, and I think I will be referring back to it sometimes, though it is not the jewel of my collection. My favorite is Self Editing for Fiction Writers I think you should get that whether you are pro or beginner.
When I look for a book on writing I look for a really fast past book and fact pact books.  On a scale of 1 to 10 I give this a 9.  When I would give most of the books I have read a 3!  This book is so loaded that I recommend reading at least sections of this book no matter what type of writing you are into, but if you are Horror writer I consider this a must have.  It is so full of tips, facts, and inspirations on writing.  Even though I said there are good sections for every writer in there I really don't think these strays off the topic of horror much at all, maybe even none.  I think this is probably the second best book I have added to my collection on writing.  The first is probably Self Editing for Fiction Writers if you don't have that I would check that one out.  That probably gets a 10 on speed and packed facts.  Unfortunately this book is out of print, but I would urge you don't let them stop you from buying this book used!
This was an extremely fun read except in the times the story began to wander.  Then it went down to just fun, but it was still good.  I wouldn't suggest reading it without reading the to books that come before this:  The Tomb, Conspiracies, and Legacies.  Since I am trying to convince you to read others in the series I should define it for you.  These are suspense, science fiction, fantasy, mystery with a very dark element to them.  And a main Character: Repair Man Jack who fixes problems for people usually in an illegal manor.  He has a good heart and really cares for the people he helps, but a violent streak that he is constantly trying to rein in.  The books are very gripping.  Try The Tomb first.
I would say this story is almost poetic in its writing and metaphorical imagery.  It seems like a return to the style of some of the classics, but with action sequences that put to shame even modern action.  And as all books should have an immense depth of character.
I got to about page two hundred and gave up the book.  The book opened with a really, really dumb action scene; and almost worse, there wasn't another action scene in the next two hundred pages; believe it or not, I still hadn't really gotten to know the characters.  Just read a lot of movement from here to there.  Boring stuff that really should have been summarized in maybe a page or two or a prologue.  I chucked the book aside.
I wanted to review this book because it is probably my favorite Christian book.  I am a Christian, but I read almost a hundred percent secular books because most of the Christian stuff just isn't good enough, but this book is another one of the huge exceptions.  Don't let the other reviews confuse you.  This is not really that much about Jesus' blood, but about inner conflict.  I don't want to spoil the story line so I will leave it at that.  The highest point of this book is Characterization.  The characters felt so real I it was like they were really alive, and I was watching their drama.  This is an excellent book.  I would recommend it even if you are of the secular audience.
I really wanted to learn how to write descriptively; I got this book, tried to read it, and nearly got bored to death.  It said virtually nothing, in all the pages I read.  Then I got a book called Word Painting, and I could hardly put it down.  That has so helped me in my writing, and I would highly recommend that one.
Although this story had it's weak spots I could not call the story weak.  The nightmarish drama and mystery in this book was much more than enough to keep me reading like crazy and looking into the shadows.  The book is truly a shocker in it's dynamic plot.  I think it was one of the most amazing peices of literature out there and my favorite book.
I have been reading through this book slowly, it just doesn't give me enough to get me to just sit down for hours with it. This would be a good book; it's got great things to say, but it is quite slow at getting out what few points it does have on it's many pages. I'd love a condensed version. Over all it's okay. <BR>Still I have found nothing to top Self Editing for Fiction Writers. If you are looking for a book on writing take a look at that too!
This book was captivating from like the moment I picked it up.  I read through page after page loving it.  I think the best part is how real everything feels.  How you get drawn right into the main character, Jack.  Until it is like you become him walking down the streets of New York city.  This man is not a super hero.  It's like he has like flesh, blood, heart, and soul like us.  Read it.  <BR>Aside from his incredibly dynamic characters it also has an excellent plot that kept me guessing a lot.  And got me buying up the Repair Man Jack series.
I have been reading through this book slowly, but it just doesn't give me enough to get me to just sit down for hours with it.  This would be a good book, but it is quite slow at getting out what few facts it does have on it's many pages.  Over all it's okay.  <BR>Still I have found nothing to top Self Editing for Fiction Writers.  If you are looking for a book on writing take a look at that!
I have been reading through this book slowly, it just doesn't give me enough to get me to just sit down for hours with it. This would be a good book; it's got great things to say, but it is quite slow at getting out what few points it does have on it's many pages. I'd love a condensed version. Over all it's okay. <BR>Still I have found nothing to top Self Editing for Fiction Writers. If you are looking for a book on writing take a look at that too!
This is not one of Frank Peretti's typical Block Buster Christian fiction, but more of a story that is written to work out his own inner questions on Christianity.  What it should mean.  And what it does mean.  It still has it's high points as a thriller though.  I recommend this to any Christian espcially anyone who wants to have everything they ever believed in challenged as Frank Peretti takes each denomination apart peice by peice with some of the most humorous theological comedy.
This book is good, but I would say no book is better than: Self Editing for Fiction Writers.  If you want a writing book and don't have that one buy it!  Then if you still need more you might want to try this one.  This is a moderately paced book.  I would say better than the average how to write book, but I find that many writers, editors, and myself do disagree with some of the thing he advocates, but even when I believe he is wrong I have often found inspirational ideas in what he is saying.
This was unquestionably the best book on writing that I have ever read.  I like to keep it in arms reach whenever I am writing.  The book is extremely fast paced and no nonsense.  It covers just about every element of fiction writing in detail.  Where most books take a chapter to cover a point I find it covers it better in about two lines.  It simply amazes me.  I would recommend this book even to a best selling author.  Some of it's ideas are simply so revolutionary.
This book is so inspirational it amazes me.  It is quote after quote by famous authors on different topics that apply to horror writing.  I think this is one of the most inspirational books on horror writing.  I love this book!
Block Buster Christian Fiction<br />I read both Christian Fiction and Secular and I can definitely say that is most cases Christian Fiction just doesn't hold up against Secular stuff which is so much better!!  But, Fank Peretti, &quot;The Father of Blockbuster Christian Fiction&quot; knows how to deliver a real thriller and still make I Christian!  So if that's what you're looking for or even a just plain great book, look here!
In my opinion, this is not one of Frank Peretti's Blockbuster fiction; but it is an excellent portrayal of his own deep inner questions about our faith in Christ, but still his its high points for blockbuster fiction too!  I think though the best part of it is its humors look at the church and it's hypocrisy and what the real church should be.  &quot;Christian&quot;  Christ Like.  And reach out into the world to save the world no mater how much trouble it causes like Christ!!  I think it is one of the funniest, funniest, and most instructive documentary/novel on Christianity in the modern world and its huge short comings.  And it is good fiction too!!
In my opinion this book is far, far underrated.  <br />I don't want to disclose the plot for this book because I think that is one of the best parts of all Huggins' many talents.  In many elements of his books I and I believe the rest of the readers can't tell what will happen next.  I think that should be attributed to his book's deep grasp in reality not starry fantasy.  <br />In so many other books, so many times I know everyone will live through all everything, and I am disgusted because I can see straight through the plot and no matter how many twists I know they will make it.  Huggins is so different: in lots of his books guys died that I didn't want to die or didn't expect to at that time.  <br />He is really good and I love his firm grasp of the reality of it all.  The treachery and brutality of war and death and politics.  The total misery sometimes something we need to understand not the glorification of this that has no glory.  But then, I think the best part, he also lays down the beauty of what is done.  The beauty of a life given for the life of another, the death of someone for his friend.  True Love.  <br />I should admit I don't think he is one of the most gripping authors, but I do think he is the most thrilling author ever!  Sometimes I think he is just a little slow getting into it.<br />Oh and one more really cool thing is his in depth knowledge of tactics and battle.  I think it is really great to listen to it all!<br />I think all Huggins books are totally epic.  On top of being, I think, the best horror-thrillers on the market! And I hope that they out live this age and become some of the classics of this century.
Most everyone else here basically out lined the story so there is no point in repeating myself here!  I just wanted to comment because this book was excellent, and I think everyone who likes reading novels should read this book!  It was incredible!  It had amazing action and the characters in there all seemed so real.  It was very, very good!  Definitely the best book I had read so far!  I am reading though another book called the Hunter again written by Huggins and it does have the makings of being better than Cain!  I don't know I might like that better when I finish it, but I would definitely recommend reading all of his books!
I love this book!<br />It was written beautiful: The plot was incredible and  full of twist that kept you jumping at each new corner!  The action was  stunningly beautiful, and the emotions of the characters were so real!   <br />I loved it!  <br />I guess the best I can say is!  It kept me up reading  until five thirty in the morning!  I gave this book Five Stars, And I  definitely recommend it for some excellent reading!  Whoever you are!
