THE HEIRESS is definitely my favorite novel by JD. I've read many of her books, though many of them are excellent and carry a wonderful plot, the ending always seems to be written in a rush. Well... I can tell you that THE HEIRESS had a satisfying ending.  The relationship between Axia Maidenhall and Jamie Montgomery was adorable, and really displayed true love. Jaime was chosen by Axia's father personally to bring Axia (who is a heiress - a really rich one in fact!) to her fiancé, but because he had never met her before he accidentally and quite naturally mistakes Axia's beautiful cousin and close friend Frances as the heiress. Well fortunately, Axia takes that mistake to her advantage and devises a plan to be Frances and for Frances to play along as the Heiress, that way Axia can finally have a taste of freedom along the trip. Sparks between Jamie and Axia totally FLY on the trip, and the two of them find themselves falling in love. But poor Jaime, he knows that nothing can happen between the two of them because he feels compelled to marry Frances, the heiress, for his family needs money desperately. Though Axia is afraid to tell Jamie the truth, not knowing if he would want her after she confesses, she is more worried that Jaime will only want her because of the money and then she will never be able to find out if he truly loves her.  <br />This story is full of surprises (Axia's dad really surprised me in his behavior and actions, Toad - Axia's best friend, and even Frances' character grows) and full of humor!!! There are so many scenes I found myself laughing out loud!!! *when you get to the part where Axia is riding on a horse for the first time in her life, and how Jaime has to struggle to get her off the horse, you'll be wishing you had a box of kleenex  beside you from all the tears pouring out of your eyes!!!* Enjoy!
This is another one of my favorite romance novels... I just simply adore Karen Robards' style of writing. If you feel like reading a book that'll take you on a wonderful journey with two passionate and unique characters, then AMANDA ROSE is definitely for you. Here's a brief review, but it is difficult to put in words the experience one receives when reading this enchanting novel. Set in the 1840s, between England and New Orleans, Matt Grayson is our handsome hero, who is sought after by the English police for a crime he didn't commit. He manages to escape a hanging but not without getting a shot in the side by the guards. It is Amanda Rose Culver, an orphan living in a convent, who discovers Matt's limp and battered body washed up by the shores near her convent. Though she knows the danger she's getting herself into, through her kind and sweet heart she rescues Matt and heals him. As the two get to know each other better, Amanda realizes that she's falling in love with Matt and Matt realizes how much he's come to cherish her and yearns to protect her with his life. But when one morning Amanda realizes that the authorities have found Matt's hidden place (a cave under the convent) she immediately runs down to warn him, but unfortunately for her she didn't know she was leading the authorities straight to Matt. Matt believing that Amanda has betrayed him manages to barely escape again. It is when Amanda, thinking Matt is dead, is ready to move on in life, she is captured by Matt's brother and is held captive on Matt's ship to New Orleans. It is there on the ship she comes face-to-face with Matt again. Matt treats Amanda horribly, but through it all Amanda realizes that she still loves him. How Matt gets over his misunderstanding, and how the two fall deeper and deeper in love, is so well-written by Ms. Robards that all the dialogue and scenes that take place will have your heart thumping and tummy fluttering! When you find out why Amanda was really capture and broughtto Matt's ship, it'll have you hoping that there were more characters like his! This is a romance story not to be missed!!! It's incredibly romantic.
Oh my! If the plot outline and the chapter one teaser that Amazon has provided doesn't excite you already, then I guess this book isn't for you!! ;) For me, all I did was simply read the plot synopsis and that got me on a yearning quest to get my hands on this book as soon as possible!  <br />Lady Caroline Linford thought she had it all! Her only brother Tommy managed to live through an almost fatal incident, and she was engaged to the handsome hero, the Marquis of Winchilsea, who rescued her brother! What more could a girl have? Unfortunately for Caroline, all her dreams and hope abruptly ends when she finds her fiancé involved with another woman in an intimate act. Being a proper lady, Caroline chooses to keep this devastating secret to herself. That is until the fiancé of the lady's, Braden Granville appears demanding Caroline if she's seen his lady anywhere. Caroline, who has always been a horrible liar, decides to tell the truth, claiming that she saw his lady with a man, but of course does not mention his name. When Caroline breaks the sad news of her fiancé's treachery to her mother, her mother claims that Caroline needs to try harder to make the Marquis desire her in a way only a woman can. But sadly, Caroline doesn't know a stitch about lovemaking... so she seeks Braden for help...<br />For Braden Granville, he's earned his popular rank among London's society for two reasons: one - he's famous for his pistols and guns business and two - for his reputation as London's notorious Lothario. But well, nevermind that! He's on a serious mission! He needs to catch his unfaithful fiancé in an uncompromising act before he can call his engagement off. He knows that his fiancé has been disloyal but isn't able to get any proof whatsoever! So when Caroline comes seeking Braden for help in the love making department, and compromises that she'll be his witness in court, he takes full advantage of that deal. Of course, he never thought that he could fall in love with this \\"plain\\" girl that grows more and more beautiful every time they meet. Soon the two of them are spun in a web of passion, danger, and of course all-consuming love. <br />This novel is absolutely hilarious! Caroline's innocence and personality was a pleasure to read about! Her meaning of \\"lovemaking\\" and Braden's definition were so different that it was side-splitting! The way Braden looked at life was tons of fun! How the two fell in deep love was the sweetest treat to experience! These characters actually grow on you! It's about time we get to read more stories about Ladies who define the true meaning of being a Lady in the Victorian era, and a man who will do anything for the woman he loves. I look forward to reading more warm and fun books by Patricia Cabot! Have Fun! ;)
WARRIOR's WOMAN is the first novel i read by Johanna Lindsey AFTER i finished the whole MALORYS series. And you know what? I don't seem to be getting tired or sick of her writing - anytime soon for that matter! Warrior's Woman was a lot of fun, and carries a very interesting plot! Its setting is in the future and in the past! Kind of a mixture of time-traveling, and displays a cross-difference in culture, due to the interesting time periods Johanna Lindsey has chosen. <br />The book opens with our heroine Tedra De Arr, in the future setting... to be specific 2139. Lindsey makes a point of describing a lot of high-tech machines, and computers that do all the work for humans...including this really neat concept of a meditech (i think that's what its called) that &quot;gives you a shower&quot; without water, and it only takes 3 seconds! There are a lot of images of the kind of people living in that period, women and men who love to constantly have sex, and people are \\"born\\" not naturally though birth but more of the concept of stemmed-cell theory. Tedra works as security, also known as SEC 1, the highest honor! She's really cute, knows a lot of kung-fu and self-defense, and at the same time says the word &quot;FARDEN&quot; a lot, which honestly, i still don't know what it means! A problem arises, their government leader is kidnapped by the enemies, and its up to Tedra to save the day, but she needs help from people from other places, for the security people on her planet are disappearing. What ends up happening, is her personal computer \\"Martha' (who is absolutely hilarious!) sends her to another, get this, PLANET, which is actually, I would say...\\"back to the past\\". The time period... is let me just say is in the pre-historic times. Men are huge and have enormous muscles and fight with swords, and shields, and eat animals, with weird names. Here is where Tedra meets Challen, our handsome warrior! How they meet is absolutely amusing, and how they build their relationship is a delight to read! Moreover how Tedra learns about the differences between her time and the time period she's now stuck in, is entertaining, as well as looking from Challen's point of view. Oh! And of course the best part of all, is how the two fall in love. Especially since Challen is so stubborn and repeatedly says \\"warriors don't fall in love\\" is funny, since all he demonstrates is love and caring towards Tedra! And for sure there are a lot of stuff that happens, but i don't want to spoil a thing! All i'm going to say is that Challen goes back to the future with Tedra, and he helps her combat and win over the enemies. <br />A small warning: there is a lot of descriptive writing in Warrior's Woman, for Lindsey, I'm sure did her best in setting out the images of the different time periods for the reader. One might get bored from all the descriptions, but in my opinion I believed it enhanced the overall story of the book. Hope u Enjoy!
first things first: if this is your very first book you've read by Susan Elizabeth Phillips, and you didn't like it - PLEASE don't give up on her books. She's an amazing author, full of wit and humor, has a super imagination and creates extremely exciting storylines. JUST IMAGINE was a satisfying read, SEP's only historical, and her very first novel. So you can imagine, that's probably why it doesn't fit up to her contemporary standards, or even up to your standards! Give it a try, if you like... i did, and i enjoyed the light read.<br />Read the book synopsis for the plot outline! Kit Weston is your everyday typical historical heroine... and she sure does remind me of Scarlet O'Hara. She's temper mental, stubborn at times, but definitely not one of those frilly-wily girls, and infact is very intelligent, witty and at the same time gorgeous. I can't agree more with the author, that Baron Cain was the perfect hero for Kit. He was the only one that was able to put a solid hand to her behavior and put up with her spoiled ways, (kinda reminds you of Rhett Bulter eh?) Set in the south, where the time period was a treat to read about, where the ladies were real feminine and the clothes and outfits were wonderful and fun to experience. Many interesting scenes, tons of arguments and sweet make-ups, and the ending was excellent! My favorite parts were when Kit was at boarding school, and SEP writes the transition of Kit from tomboy to a beautiful young lady. Very realistic, and another great part was when Baron sees Kit for the first time in 3 years, imagine his surprise! Well written by SEP.<br />so why 4-stars? maybe more in-depth characterization was required...more scenes between the hero and heroine that displayed true love, not lust then love, it could have been more convincing...and maybe after reading all of SEP's contemps, my standards were too high. I expected more of SEP's famous humour touch, but didn't find that many funny scenes in JUST IMAGINE. but all in all,it was a good read, and looks great in my SEP collection!<BR>*must reads* her whole chicago football stars series - do not miss!!! ;)
THE INDISCRETION by Judith Ivory is definitely a book that'll make you feel deep down good, and quite insatiable when you reach the end! Full of humorous dialogues and uncompromising events, THE INDISCRETION is a top-fun-filled romance not to be missed!<br />Setting: 1899, Devonshire, England<BR>Lady Lydia Bedford-Browne, a beautiful, but very skinny lady (the author emphasizes this point quite a lot) of twenty-four, has finally found the freedom she's always sought. Three wonderful days on her own, which she intends to spend in London visiting a friend. On the way there, she takes a coach, and it is there we meet the hero of this fascinating story. Her only companion is an American rancher-looking type of guy, Sam Cody, but in actuality is a millionaire. He's beaten and bruised, and quite drunk, the reason for the previous situation is that he just saved a woman from being robbed, and as a result brings the explanation for the latter problem. Because of his heroic gesture, he has missed his wedding with the same bride, for the second time in a row! As they are riding along, the coach takes a wild turn, ends up crashing and leaving the two passengers really in the middle of nowhere. The place where they end up is known as the English Moor, and it is there, the two strangers really get to know each other, and really put their wilderness survival techniques to work. They end up spending four grand nights of passion and companionship, and are rescued by Lydia's maid the next day, whom Lydia was supposed to meet up with upon her arrival in London. Quickly Lydia and Sam make up a false story, to cover up Lydia's reputation, and from then, Sam and Lydia separate. Although Sam understands that Lydia is English, and that he is not noble enough to court a lady of her status (the Queen is her second cousin, and her dad is a Viscount), he still tries. But Lydia plainly states that it is not possible, and her parents will never allow her to marry an American. Well, all sorts ofevents occur, Sam obviously comes back into Lydia's life, and how, it's actually very funny and quite imaginative of Ms. Ivory! And how he begins to woo her again, is the best part of all. There's also a nice little glimpse of the romance between Lydia's parents, a little \\"different\\" or shall I say \\"unique\\" romance between her brother Clive and Barnaby, and of course Lydia's talent in archery that brings her a new Women's Archery Record.<br />The neatest part of this novel is the way Judith Ivory develops her characters. Lydia and Sam are just so much fun to read about! Lydia has two personalities, the real her is the one that Sam knows personally, and that is when she is her natural self, all passionate and open, then there is the snobby, yet still sweet Lydia when she is back at home, governed by the English society. As for Sam, well he's Sam! Always angry yet still silly, and messes up every \\"sentimental\\" situation he's in, even at one point, he humiliates Lydia terribly in front of all her friends and family, but gradually he manages to put Lydia's heart back together. Judith Ivory is wonderfully talented, and I also recommend THE PROPOSITION, another neat and sweet romance, between a lady and a rat-catcher.
Oh my, Mr. Goldman is one amazing writer!!! Full of humorous scenarios, characters, dialogues and one amazing imagination!! I can't wait to watch the movie version, and well, since the screenplay is also written by William Goldman, its gonna be excellent!! Anyway let's discuss the plot!! <br />Westley is a handsome farm boy who works for Buttercup (the love of his life) 's father. When Buttercup tells Westley that she is in love with him, he decides that it is time for him to go off to America and earn money so that he and Buttercup can settle down nicely. When he doesn't return, and gossip is spread by word that Westley has been killed by a pirate, Buttercup's heart dies too. She then is forced to marry Prince Humperdink. At this time, Buttercup is the most beautiful woman in the world, so it is not odd that a Prince would want her hand in marriage. As the days are counting down for the couple to marry, Buttercup gets kidnapped by three men. Scared, well not really scared, but worried as to how long this kidnap would take, a man in black comes to the rescue, however Buttercup does not really know this, since she is blindfolded. Well anyway, to get to Buttercup, the man in black has to surpass the three men - one at a time! First up is Inigo, one of the skinnest men out there, but an excellent fencer (he is the man that wants to revenge his father's death). A genuinely nice guy, honest, and sweet, just confused on who is the good guy in this case. Well anyway, the man in black conquers Inigo (does not kill him!!!) and moves on to the next man. Up next is Fezzik, a humongous giant, who is 100% innocent, and adorable. His strength is... well strength/power/muscle. He can knock down trees, and his arms will never get tired! Somehow, someway, the man in black surpasses him (I won't say anything it will ruin the plot!) And last but not least, is the man with the smartest brains. This guy is pure evil, not nice at all! Well the man in black is one courageous guy, and manages to outsmart him!!!! Amazing. after he saves Buttercup, she soon realizes who it is, and she is terribly happy, and soon they are trying to escape the Prince who is hot on their tail. They run into the swamp (a fire swamp - no one can get out of there alive) and come across many R.O.U.S (Rodents of unusual size), and how they still survive is wonderful and terribly romantic. However with honor and duty, Buttercup returns to Prince Humperdink, and the man in black, whom we now know is Westley is put in jail, where he is tormented by the Prince and his subordinate, Count Regen (the evilest man of all!!) How Westley and Buttercup find each other again is so sweet!! Inigo and Fezzik come back, save Westley, and all three of end up working together to beat the evil forces!!! <br />Can't say no more, read it! You will be glad you did!!!
MERELY MARRIED by Patricia Coughlin was an enchanting read from start to end. Not only was the plot line catchy, and interesting, the characters were also a delight to read about!<br />From the beginning you read about Adrian Deveanor, sixth duke of Raven, you'll quickly realize he is definitely a one-of-a-kind type of hero. Handsome, egotistical, conceited yet still at the same time, charming, he's really a man any girl would swoon for. As his name suggests, Wicked Lord Raven, he's well known among many as one of the ton's top-rated bachelors. Wanting to escape from all the nagging mamas, he and his friends come up with a, what they believe to be, brilliant plan for Adrian; he is to marry a lady, presumably dying, that way when he becomes a widow, the ton will be off his back and give him his own space as he deals with his \\"grief\\". Well this sort of lady they manage to find, and Lady Leah Stretton is the perfect match. Lady Leah was on her way to London, to prepare for her younger sister's coming out season, but managed to fall ill upon her arrival. Soon Adrian and Leah are married with Leah being semi-conscious throughout the whole ceremony. Two weeks pass, and Adrian has his first gathering at his house, with the ton's top gossipmongers and there he spills his whole marriage, and a made-up story of how the two met and courted, but the official death of Leah is still unknown to Adrian, so as a result, he still cannot publicly declare himself widowed. But imagine his surprise, when a very alive, energetic Leah appears at his home, and plays the role of his \\"wife\\" to perfection! <br />Woo-hoo, isn't Adrian in a fix now, for all his foolishness has caused him!!!! <br />Soon the two come up with a plan, Leah and Adrian will play the perfect husband and wife, until the end of the season, (by then Leah hopes her sister will have found herself a husband, and by using Adrian's great status as a duke, that should come easily), in which the two will have an annulment and Leah will return to her normal life. But as usual these silly plans never work out the way one wants it to, especially when the two realize in the end that they can't live without one another. But before that happens, Adrian and Leah must come up with enough courage to share with each other, the deep buried painful past they've both experienced in order for the two of them to achieve true love... how does this happen? You simply must indulge yourself in this funny, light and enjoyable read! <br />MERELY MARRIED is filled with hilarious dialogues, and as a reader, you can truly appreciate Ms. Coughlin's humor. Enjoy!
&quot;Connie Brockway is a master at creating sparkling chemistry.&quot; I am using this quote, I believe is quoted by Laura Kinsale, and I am giving her full credit for being accurate. AS YOU DESIRE is my first book by CB that I've had the pleasure of experiencing, and I look forward to reading more by this fabulous author! The love story between Desdemona and Harry is powerful, and beautiful.<br />Desdemona has loved Harry for as long as she can remember. Ever since she set her eyes on him in Egypt, she couldn't stop thinking about him. Three years ago, she shamelessly threw herself at Harry, and he rudely declined. Since then, the two manage to stay as good friends. Though as hard as she tries not to, Desdemona still realizes that she loves Harry. Soon Desdemona gets in lot of trouble, including getting captor twice! Miraculously, Harry is the one and only one that successfully saves her. These actions by Harry soon gets Desdemona confused and thinking that maybe Harry really does has some feelings for her. <br />Regretting what he did to Desdemona three years ago, Harry tries to put everything in the past. He has always loved Desdemona, but he decided he rather give her up, than tell her his deep buried secret. He believes that even if he tells her, his secret she will turn away from him in disgust, and he would rather break off any attractions than bear the pain of Desdemona pitying him. Soon, it comes to the point when it is too hard for him to tolerate not touching and loving Desdemona, that he finally tells her his secret.<br /> The secret that Harry has been hiding for so long is something so different from many of the other romance novels today and for that reason it is why I believe AS YOU DESIRE to be one of the most original historical romances of all. It is not a secret of a brutal past, well maybe a little of that, but not the majority of it. This novel was also different, because the heroine, Desdemona, was intelligent, and at a same time not a spinster!!!! Wow! Moreover at the same time she was beautiful and unique, and was not put down by anyone at all because of her intelligence. All in all, AYD, is one of the most special and unique stories I have read. Way2Go Connie Brockway!
I was given this book for my birthday in may of 2000, and when I read the back cover, I wasn't too excited about the story at all. I ended up staking A Woman of Passion at the end of my TO BE READ pile. What does the author mean by having her heroine as a lady marrying three - no four times? Personally I thought it was an odd story, and usually when I read romance, I would only like it to be one hero/man in the stories. Well this New Years, I finally got down to reading A WOMAN OF PASSION... and you know what? It was not bad at all!  Let me start by helping you out and clear some facts first:<br />The Hero is: William Cavendish and George Talbot (Her man in her later years...)<br />The one and only Heroine is: Bess Hardwick<br />The whole story is set it London, England and is between the years of 1533 - 1567<br />Here's a brief summary of the plot. A Woman of Passion is actually based on the true story of Bess Hardwick, who married four different men in her lifetime. She started off life as a commoner and was given an opportunity to serve in a noble family and a chance to marry someone of high-class. She fell in love with the king's financial adviser, William Cavendish, but at that time he already had a wife. William was strongly attracted to Bess, but knew that a relationship between them was wrong. So Bess was in a way forced to marry Robert Barlow, a young man whom Bess worked with during her childhood. Shortly after their marriage, Robert becomes deathly ill, passes away and leaves Bess widowed. At the same time, Cavendish's wife passes away, and this gave an opening for Bess and Cavendish to marry. During her happy years married to Cavendish (I don't remember how long, though it was quite a while), Bess was introduced to Queen Elizabeth, and a strong friendship was developed. After fun, solid years of marriage between Bess and Cavendish, stress as a financial adviser for the king led Cavendish to his death. Bess feeling very alone, continued to mourn for her deceased second husband, whom she loved a great deal. Queen Elizabeth could not stand seeing her friend in such a state, bade her to marry Sir William St. Loe. Eventually when St. Loe passed away, deep in her heart, Bess still mourned for Cavendish. It was the help of a long time 'friend', George Talbot- the Earl of Shrewsbury, that brought happiness back into Bess' life.  <br />I got to admit, at first I thought the story would be boring and disturbing, but it was not as bad as I first beleived. I look forward to reading more books by Virginia Henley.
HEAVEN, TEXAS by SEP is the second book in the Chicago Football Stars series. The prequel to this novel is IT HAD TO BE YOU, which I have yet to read. I always seem to be reading series in the wrong order, but all I can say is that HEAVEN, TEXAS is an awesome book on its own. This is the love story between Bobby Tom, a famous Chicago Stars quarterback and a-one-of-a-kind lady named Gracie Snow.<br />Bobby Tom was just forced to retire from playing football because of a bad knee injury he received during one of the games. Being very depressed, he decides to have some fun and signs up to be a star in a Hollywood movie. When he doesn't show up for his filming, newly hired Gracie is sent to find Bobby Tom and bring him to set. Poor Gracie, her first assignment and she bring Bobby Tom back to the set, two weeks late!! Even going through an impromptu striptease for Bobby Tom, she was unable to get him in on time. Well it is not right to completely blame Gracie, for Bobby Tom did give Gracie a lot of trouble. He's just not used to a lady with a bossy mouth and a bad perm to tell him what to do! Moreover, feeling attracted to such a lady, when he's seen ones that were ten times more beautiful, is something he'd never imagine he'd do. But what he does not notice and takes for granted till the very end, is that Gracie has the most generous and kind heart in the whole world. Only until Bobby Tom breaks Gracie's heart and when she runs back to her old life, does Bobby Tom realize how much he took for granted and how much he has come to love her.<br />What did I like most of the story? Like all the other readers have said... sometimes when you feel awkward or unattractive, just be yourself, for there is always someone that will look right into your heart and love you for who you are. I believe SEP has delivered a wonderful story with a beautiful message.
Wow... can romance fiction get any better than KISS AN ANGEL? In my opinion, I think not! KISS AN ANGEL by Susan Elizabeth Phillips is the best contemporary story I've read so far. It's full of humour, love, and witty dialogues. <br />The story opens with Daisy Devereaux and Alex Markov exchanging marriage vows. You see, Daisy has been depressed lately -her mother just passed away. Her parents were divorced, and Daisy was living with her mother. So when her mother died, Daisy thought the only way she could cope with her sadness was go on a shopping spree. She bought expensive clothes and jewellery all on credit, and when she had no money left in the bank, she still kept spending. It was only until she was given a warrant to be arrested did she realize her big mistake. Not wanting to face jail, she turns to her father for help. Daisy and her father never got along well together, and her father thought it was about time for Daisy to clean up her act. So he decides the only way that that can happen is for Daisy to get married to a man of his choosing, for six months. Well, and if she doesn't, then she can just face her future in jail. So Daisy's father picks Alex Markov, and quickly they are married. At once Alex takes Daisy away, and she is on a journey that will forever change her life.<br />Alex Markov is a man full of secrets, and his character/history is not fully revealed until near the end of the novel. He is not too pleased about getting married, especially to a girl who he believes is an airhead and only cares about her vanity. Well you may wonder why he would agree to such an arrange marriage. But as mentioned above, he is a man full of secrecy and to say anything would ruin the novel, but I will only say he owns Daisy's father a favour, because he did something for Alex long time ago. Presently he is working as a traveling circus manager, and he takes Daisy with him, and they live in a run-down trailer. Daisy at first is disgusted with the accommodations, but soon is in awe with the different type of lifestyle some people have. She begins performing in the circus, at Alex's command and bonds with animals that she'd never imagined she be able to see. She takes the marriage vow she and Alex had very seriously, and goes out of her way to be a good wife. Moreover she soon realizes that she cares for Alex and that caring quickly turns into love. Alex soon sees Daisy's real personality, and that she's not a bimbo at all, but a beautiful girl with a heart that is so loving and sweet, that he can't help but begins to care deeply for her. However something in his past makes him think that he is unable to love anyone, and in turns he finally breaks Daisy's heart. How he goes about fixing it is the most wonderful of all!<br />My favourite parts in the novel are when the circus is travelling from state to state, and each time Daisy and Alex are eating at a restaurant, Alex begins flirting with the waitress. One of the times this exchange takes place:<br />*Alex* &quot;Back already, Sis?&quot; He smiled, the glint of challenge in his eyes. &quot;Tracey and I have been getting to know each other&quot; <br />*Tracey - Waitress* &quot;I'm trying to talk your brother into hanging around for a while, my shift ends in an hour.&quot; <br />*Daisy* &quot;You sweet, sweet girl. He's been so self-conscious around women since his medical problem was diagnosed. But I keep telling him- with wonders of antibiotics, those pesky little sexually transmitted diseases are hardly a problem for anybody anymore.&quot;<br />And every time Daisy outsmarts him and gets him to stop. That's how serious she is about her vows. Read KISS AN ANGEL, you won't regret that you did!
In Miranda Jarrett's STARLIGHT, a black kitten with a white star on its forehead brings two unlikely people to love. American Alexander Fairbourne is in London only to watch over his sister Diana, as she tries to find her true love. While walking in the park, Alex and Diana come across an old lady that is selling kittens. She gives one to Alex, and claims that the kitten will bring him love. After he drops Diana off at her party, Alex decides to take a walk in the garden. He comes across Cora MacGillivray, a scottish girl, that is desperately searching for her lost kitten, Starlight. After some personal chit-chat, Cora realizes that Alex is hiding something in his coat pocket. Out pops the kitten's head, who so happens to be her Starlight. Admist misunderstandings and such, Cora manages to take Starlight back, and flee from the stranger. But soon she can't stop thinking about the handsome stranger, and wonder if he is the only one that can save her from her difficult situation. And with Alex, he can't seem to stop himself from falling hard into love with Cora.    <br />STARLIGHT is full of humor, and exciting events. This is the first book I've read by Miranda Jarrett, and I absoultely love her style of writing. I highly recommend STARLIGHT for anyone that enjoys a light dosage of romance.
The Stanislaski (what a mouthful!) Brothers by Nora Roberts is a wonderful book! I enjoyed every minute of it. In the book, there are two complete stories. One, titled as LURING A LADY is based on Mikhail Stanislaski, and the other, CONVINCING ALEX is based on Alex Stanislaski, who is two years younger than Mikhail. Both brothers are complete opposites, Mikhail being hot-tempered whereas Alex is an all-around ladies' man. ;) <br />In LURING A LADY, Mikhail meets his soul mate when he encounters Sydney Hayward, newly president of Hayward enterprises and owner of a condominium he lives in. Sydney's grandfather recently passed away, and the company business was given to her. However lots of problems arises within the building (electrical and hydro problems) that Sydney isn't aware of, and Mikhail confronts her in her office. Sparks fly between the two, and soon the two find themselves attracted to each other. But something with Sydney's past will not allow her to have a future with Mikhail even though she does end up loving him. Read the book and find out what happens~ Just for your information: Mikhail is a carpenter and a famous artist that makes sculptures out of wood. It's very romantic.    <br />In CONVINCING ALEX, Detective Alex is working hard on a new case where two young girls were murdered. He decides to make a visit to the part of town where he was told that one of the prostitutes knew the two girls, and was to question her. He comes across a hot &quot;blonde&quot; and after a few questions he arrests her. But imagine his surprise when the hot &quot;blonde&quot; is actually a redhead and not a prostitute but a soap-opera writer. She's Bess McNee, a bubbly and funny girl who claims to need to feel what it is like to be a character so she can write it better. Soon she puts herself up to some danger, and Alex is there to protect her. But he can't seem to fight the attraction he feels for her, and soons end up falling in love with her. Bess, as well falls in love with Alex, but she's already had three engagements before that fell apart, and it's difficult for her to convince Alex that this time around is true love. So there begins the problem, and Bess must make Alex trust in her.    <br />The Stanislaski Brothers is full of humor, love and kindness. Nora Roberts is fabulous at making the reader fall in love with The Stanislaski family, they are all great people and fun to read about. I can't wait to get my hands on The Stanislaski Sisters. Enjoy!
As of today, THE SHERBROOKE BRIDE, is my favorite novel by Catherine Coulter. Honestly, after I read MAD JACK, I was thinking about giving up on her books. But I remembered that I enjoyed reading THE HELLION, as well recalled that THE SHERBROOKE BRIDE is the first book in the Bride trilogy, and decided to give it a try. And you know what? I enjoyed it tremendously! <br />Douglas Sherbrooke, Earl of Northcliffe is twenty-eight and believes it has come time for him to marry. He remembers the VERY beautiful Melissande Chambers, and believes her to be the perfect wife. However, when Douglas goes off to France and sends his cousin, Tony to marry him to Melissande by proxy, everything goes wrong from that point on. Tony decides to marry Melissande himself, and marry Douglas to Melissande's younger sister, Alexandra Chambers. Alexandra has loved Douglas for three years, since she was fifteen. When Douglas returns home to his estate, excited and hoping to see Melissande waiting for him in his bedchamber, he comes across Alexandra who is total stranger to him. He soon finds out the truth from Tony, and begins treating Alex horribly. Near the beginning of the story, Alexandra puts up with Douglas' mean insults, hoping in her heart that Douglas will come to accept her. But gearing near the middle of the story, she loses hope and tries (many times, for your information) to return home, but Douglas always manages to stop her. ;) Awwww[...] Soon the plot thickens, when Douglas' enemies from France come to England to harass him. However that is not the main plot of the story, you only get a glimpse of that near the beginning and the end of the story. The focus of the novel is, 'How does Douglas eventually fall in love with his wife?' That is the mystery, and the only way to find out is: Read the book. =)  <br />I loved this story because of the plot, the dialogue and the characters. Alexandra is very sweet, and I was kind of disappointed in Douglas at first, because he treated herso unkindly and kept comparing her to her TOO beautiful sister. But in the end, Douglas definitely makes up for his mistakes....
DREAMING, by Jill Barnett is a charming love story between Letitia Hornsby and Richard Lennox. Set in the Regency time period, it is a wonderful story not to be missed. <br />Letty has loved Richard all her life, and has always tried to express it when ever she is around him. However every time she tries something, it always ends up as a disaster. Now eight years later, Richard returns home from years away at school. He's never forgotten Letty, who has always made his life insufferable, dreaming him to be her knight in shining armor, when he is anything but that. On the day of his return, Letty follows him and accidently knocks him off his horse and into the river. Hitting his head on a rock, Richard is knocked unconscious. When he wakes up again, he realizes that he's on a smuggler's ship, amd tagging with him is - Letty. Stuck together in a terrible condtion, it is up to Richard to get them out of this mess. But being confined so closely together and after eight years of separation, Richard soon notices how beautiful and sensual Letty has become. And if they end up getting out of this situation alive, he just might give himself and Letty a chance for love. <br />What I loved most about this story is Letty's character. She's innocent and very sweet. She causes trouble, but always looks at it from the bright side. She's not afraid to declare her love for Richard, and at one point Richard gets really mad, because he knows he can't be what Letty believes him to be, and tells her to love someone else. And the most emotional part comes when Letty explains why she loves Richard, and why she always wants to show her love. <br />This is the first novel I've read by Ms. Barnett, and I can tell you, I look forward to her other books. I hear BEWITCHING is the prequel to DREAMING. So I will give that a try, and I do hope I end up enjoying it as much as I did for this novel.
A very plesant read! However to be honest, THE BRIDE'S BODYGUARD was not the most romantic novel I've ever read, but it gave me a very satisfying feeling when I finished it :) A very different type of historical, packed with action and suspense.<br />In this story we meet Ross Trevenan and Tessa Lorimer, our hero and heroine. Tessa Lorimer is kind of like a spoiled brat, growing up in a pretty rich background, but an only child and living with her rich grandfather. But what makes her stand out is that she grew up with a very harsh childhood. Her parents died when she was young, and she was always changing schools because she could never adapt to its conditions. Moreover, the last school she attended she witnessed a brutual murder, and because of that she lost her memory during that period of her life.  <br />Ross Trevenan, a Marquis living in England, had been married for only a couple of years to a wife that he first thought of as a simple lady to bear him sons, but later on as a wife whom he loved deeply. But before Cassie, Ross' wife, could tell him the good news that she is pregnant, she is murdered. It is up to Ross to find out the meaning of this murder and who the murderer is. This leads him to Tessa, for somehow he discovered that there is a connection between Tessa and his wife, and believes that Tessa could be murdered next. Keeping that as a secret, he gets employed as a financial advisor for Tessa's grandfather. His position deceives everyone, but only Tessa's grandfather knows why Ross is in France. He and Ross come up with a plan to get Tessa out of France and into England as soon as possible. But convincing Tessa to leave her beloved grandfather and country is a problem that Ross has to overcome. Overcoming that, he succeeds, but he never anticipated the attraction he feels for Tessa, and all the problems that they must face together to solve the mystery and find the murderer. <br />All in all, THE BRIDE'S BODYGUARD was an entertaining read. The onlyreason why I didn't feel it to be one of the best, is for the reason that I did not get the 'tingly feeling' that Ross was really in love with Tessa, since he loved his first wife so much. But then again, that is just my opinion. Enjoy!
I swear, Candice Proctor's writing gets better and better with each book. THE LAST KNIGHT, her most recent book, is what I believe to be her best novel yet. Full of adventure and true romance, it's a story that fits perfectly in the romance genre.  Attica d'Alerion and Damion de Jarnac are the most passionate characters that I have had the chance to read. They admitted that they loved each other from the start and weren't even afraid of showing it. They did anything they could to protect each other from danger. Damien saved Attica's life twice, and both times Damien told Attica to run to safety, but she would not budge and infact helped Damien ward off the enemies - this is just a small example of courage in both characters. Both of them were intelligent, determined, and charming.  I loved every part of the book, and was very sad when I finished it. I highly recommend THE LAST KNIGHT, it is romance writing at its best.
When I first read The Bequest by Candice Proctor, I knew immediately that this author had a tremendous talent! SEPTEMBER MOON was an extremely charming love story between an English governess and an Australian farmer. <br />Amanda Davenport had high hopes of returning to her beloved England, a place where she calls home, after working for 4 years as a secretary in Australia. But when her empolyer suddenly falls ill the night before the ship sets sail, Amanda faces a desolate situation. She ends up missing the ship and losing her job at the same time. With no more money and feeling desperate and very much alone, she applies for a job as a governess for the O'Reilly family. Faced with a challenge with three hellions whose mother abandoned them, she slowly begins to understand and feel compassion for them, as well as falling hard for the children's handsome father, Patrick O'Reilly. Patrick O'Reilly who is still bitter at his wife, who left him and the children (even though it has been 6 years), has no room for any more romance, especially with a prim and *English* governess. But soon he starts to see Amanda's passionate side, a deeper character hidden in her, that he starts having romantic feelings for her. After much teasing and practical jokes, and getting used to the harsh living conditions, both discover a love that could last a life time if only they would allow it to work.<br />Ms. Proctor's writing is outstanding. I immediately fell in love with the children, Hannah, Liam and Missy. This story is so sweet that it will make you laugh and cry. You may think &quot;Oh no! Not another of those romances with a guy falling in love with his governess storyline,&quot; but Ms. Proctor writes it so well that you won't even notice it. You'll be too caught up with the romance between Amanda and Patrick. Trust me on this! You'll love it, after reading this I went and bought all of Ms. Proctor's books.
I honestly cannot get enough of LES MISERABLES. I loved Victor Hugo's style of writing. His writing was so powerful and emotional that I was  pulled right into the story, even the world around me seemed to fade away.  I was very fortunate to have read the complete and unabridged version, and  all the time I've spent reading this classic was definitely worth it. I was  also lucky to have read the novel before watching the movie versions  because in my opinion nothing can capture all the details of this story on  screen.<br />LES MISERABLES is set during the time of the French Revolution.  It portrays the character of Jean Valjean, who at the beginning of the  novel is set free after nineteen years in prison. He grew up in a very poor  family, and when his parents passed away, he lived with his widowed sister  who had seven children. He had a job as a tree-pruner and with his income  he supported his sister and her children. It was when Jean Valjean lost his  job, the family ran out of food. With no money and no food, Jean Valjean  took it upon himself to steal food. He was caught by the police for  stealing a loaf of bread and was sent to prison. The original prison  sentence was to last only a few years, but as Jean Valjean saw  opportunities to escape he did so, and everytime he was caught more years  of being locked up in prison were added. It was after nineteen years he was  set free, but had to carry a yellow ticket with him so anywhere he went,  whether to get employment, he was to show it as his i.d. - thus labelling  him as an ex-convict. You read about him walking around town looking for an  inn to stay at, but nobody is allowing him in because of his history as a  convict. He then is introduced to a bishop who whole heartily takes him in  to his own home. The bishop is poor but offers Jean Valjean shelter and  food for free. How does Jean repay him? He steals the bishop's silverware  and runs off only to be caught by the police. The police bring Jean Valjean  to confront the bishop, but the bishop makes the situation look like he  gave Jean Valjean the silverware as a gift. He also included a set of  silver candlesticks to go with it. The bishop then pulls Jean Valjean  aside, and he tells him to promise him to sell the silver utensils and make  a good life out of himself. To change for the better. Jean Valjean is  absolutely stunned at the kindness he receives from the bishop. Through the  bishop, Jean Valjean begins his transistion from an ex-convict to a saint,  to a man of almost perfection. You'll meet many more terrific characters  some evil (The Thernardiers...), some sweet (Cosette, Fantine, Gavorche,  Marius and more). You will read about how Jean Valjean changes his life,  making himself an important and helpful person for others. You'll  understand how tough life was for the poor for the people that were less  fortunate living in the time of the revolution. You'll also understand the  power of love and the power of forgiveness. As well the ending of the story  is the most powerful ending to any story I've ever read. It had me in  tears.<br />LES MISERABLES is a story that I shall never forget. The  story is imprinted in my mind. I look forward to reading it again soon.
I came across the novel ~ Dark of the Moon, simply by surfing around Amazon.com. When I read the reviews by other customers, I was immediately  hooked. This is one of the stories that I will always cherish and I look  forward in sharing this amazing book with all my friends - but they must  get their own copy, cause I can't part with mine! <br />The plot of the story  is very unique and different from most of the historical romance novels  today. It's about a girl named Caitlyn O'Malley, who at the beginning of  the story is dressed as boy and wanders around the run-down streets of  Ireland. She survives as a thief, stealing food from merchants in the  village. On the present day, a fine and rich looking gentleman is passing  through the village. Caitlyn sums up a quick plan to steal a gold watch she  had a glimpse of in the gentleman's pocket. Feigning an accidental trip  over her own legs, she manages to fall upon the man, and at the same time  grasp the watch. However, not ending up successful, the man catches Caitlyn  and causes a scene. Crowds of people gather around to watch, but instead of  turning her over to the police for her punishment, the gentleman offers her  food and employment. After debating much, Caitlyn accepts the offer, and is  taken to a beautiful countryside where she is to work for the man and his  family. She soon discovers that the man is Connor d'Arcy and has several  brothers as well. Though the family is wealthy, each family member pitches  in and does household chores. Not after too long staying with the d'Arcys,  Caitlyn's true identity is discovered - she is a girl. Chaos arises, but  all is settled with Connor's patience and understanding. Under food and  affection, Caitlyn grows into a beautiful young woman, and attracts the  attention of the d'Arcy brothers, society, everyone, except for Connor. At  this point in the story, Caitlyn is in love with Connor, &lt;for his  generosity and kindness&gt; but Connor wants nothing to do withher because  he still perceives her as a child. She later discovers a secret about the  d'Arcy family, and that secret makes her fall hopelessly more in love with  Connor. For Connor, who has been battling with his conscience, eventually  gives it up to seek some happiness in his life and he finds it with  Caitlyn. They both begin to fall in love. However, soon the villain of the  novel discovers the family secret, and Caitlyn ends up betraying Connor in  order to save him.  <br />Karen Robards is amazing at creating her characters.  They become so real and they actually grow on you. Connor d'Arcy is a real  sweetheart, and a very loving hero. Caitlyn O'Malley has a fiery temper,  but nonetheless is extremely charming and sweet. She is very loyal and  devoted to Connor. Her love and Connor's is very apparent throughout the  whole story and as a reader, you sense that they are perfect for each  other. I very highly recommend this story to anyone who enjoys REAL  romance!
Wow! Well what can I say... I believe I just finished reading the sexiest novel ever. THE SEDUCTION is filled with steamy sex scenes, from front to  back. Now mind you, I didn't decide to read THE SEDUCTION because of steamy  scenes, but because I wanted to read something by Nicole Jordan! And.. you  know, this so happens to be her latest book. <br />Anyway, I'd like to say  that I really enjoyed the story. Ms. Jordan has a way to include hot stuff  in her story without distracting the reader from the plot. It's a novel  where a reader can read, without thinking too much. Basically a book worth  to spend time on. I loved her characters. Lady Vanessa had a very strong  and caring personality. She took it upon herself to prevent her brother  from losing all the family property to Lord Damien by posing as Damien's  mistress. With her strengh, it really made her shine throughout the story.  Lord Damien, a rake, was able to change for the better with the help of  Vanessa. It was quite funny, now that I realize it, that Damien had a  wonderful plan to seduce Vanessa, whereas in the end he was the one that  ended up being seduced by Vanessa - unintentionally on her part, of course!  It was also a pleasure to read about Olivia and Aubrey's relationship and  how they got over their conflicts (Olivia is Damien's younger sister, and  Aubrey is Vanessa's younger brother). I'm looking forward to THE PASSION -  the sequel to THE SEDUCTION. <br />If you do end up enjoying this story like I  did, another book on the similar theme of seduction is SEDUCED BY A  SCOUNDREL by BARBARA DAWSON SMITH.
I liked the book, the cover art and enjoyed the story. The story I liked,  because it was different from other typical regency novels. The ending was  surprising and unexpected. But I did not think the characters were that  great. The love between the Earl of Kilbourne, Neville, and Lily Doyle did  not really convince me. I can believe that the two of them fell in love at  first sight, that was realistic. But after the separation, and Lilly  reappears just before Neville exchanges his vows with his childhood  sweetheart, the two 'lovers' just seemed too 'different'. As a reader, you  soon realize that the two characters are very unsuited for each other.  Whether that was Ms.Balogh's purpose or not, you soon lose interest in the  characters. Neville's character seemed too weak. He battles with his  feelings for Lilly, not because he was confused, but because he couldn't  lead his own life. He kept on following his mother's and sister's opinions  on Lilly, and that was what the 3/4 of the novel on. Near the end of the  story, he finally snaps awake, and follows his heart. The story just drags  on a little too long.
...what do you do? Novalee Nation, who is 17 years old and pregnant, is travelling from Tennessee to California with her boyfriend. Planning to settle down with her boyfriend in California where he is to get a job in  the music industry, she is suddenly abandoned by him at a Wal-Mart in  Oklahoma during a bathroom stop. When you're in a situation like that, all  alone in a town where you know nobody, with only approx. $10 in your  pocket, and the clothes on your back, what options do you have? What can  you do? Fortunately for Novalee, she meets 3 kindred spirits. Each person  aids Novalee in maturing from an uneducated teenager to a loving and  confident mother, and provides her with a home. Each person in turn becomes  part of her family, something she's never had in her life.<br />  The novel  starts off with Novalee at seventeen and ends when she is twenty-five.  During the timeperiod, she gives birth to her baby at Wal-Mart, and  receives a lot of support from the town and nationwide. She also meets a  wonderful man and falls in love with him. <br />  Where the Heart Is, is a  remarkable story. I enjoyed it so much, that I got all my friends reading  it. The movie version of the story is not as good as the novel. Read the  novel, Ms. Letts has clevery woven a heart warming tale.
Red Roses Mean Love was such a gorgeous story! I enjoyed it sooooooo much that I haven't stopped reading it! Every so often, before I go to sleep, I would read my favorite parts in the novel again and again. Parts in the  novel that I love the most are: when Hayley shaves Stephen after he awakens  from his coma; Because of Hayley's gentle and nurturing nature, she doesn't  live by any conventions and Stephen, who is not at all used to such  gentleness is shocked at Hayley's offer of helping him shave. Another part  that I loved, is when Callie, Hayley's youngest sister around six years  old, wakes Stephen up in the middle of the night to tell him that her doll  had an 'accident'. Stephen ends up helping little Callie wash the doll and  sew the doll's arms back on. <br />Hayley Albright lives in a huge family with  2 brothers and 2 sisters. She, being the eldest, with her parents dead,  becomes a mother to all her siblings. She loves her brothers and sisters so  much, that she would go by and do anything for them. She comes across Lord  Stephen Barrett's unconcious body lying on the ground on her way home from  town. She ends up saving his life, and he spends time under Hayley's roof  and her care. From Hayley, Stephen learns about love, caring,something he  never knew growing up in a very cyncial 'ton' society and family.   Eventually, Stephen must return to his real life, and take his place back  in society. From the beginning he lied to Hayley about his true identity.  Before Stephen leaves, Hayley tells him that she's in love with him, and it  makes Stephen 'surprise' departure very difficult for Hayley and for  Stephen as well. He soon realizes how much he misses her. Read the novel,  find out what happens, the ending is perfect and sweet!
This was the first book I've read written by Andrea Kane; and I enjoyed it tremendously! The Gold Coin is part of a 2-set, with The Silver Coin being its sequel.<br />In this story, we read about our heroine Anastasia who is  travelling back from America to the Colby mansion in England, after her  parents' death. She meets up with her identical cousin, Breanna, whom she's  always been close to. They grew up together, and both had a strong  relationship with their grandfather. When they were only six years old,  their grandfather gave them each a coin; Stacey received a gold one and  Breanna received the silver one. Both were promised to keep it forever, and  when they turn 21 they will both received a huge sum for their inheritance.  Now returning back to England, a few months before her 21st b-day, Stacey  meets Damen, the Marquess of Sheldrake and a good friend of the Colby's and  who is also their accountant. He becomes Stacey's personal accountant, and  aids her in organizing her inheritance. However they never believed that  they would fall in love. Soon, Breanna's father is up to a scheme to get  rid of Stacey so his daughter can receive all the inheritance money. And it  is up to Damen to save Stacey before they can have a chance for ultimate  happiness.<br />The cover art for the twin set novels are gorgeous! If you can  get your hands on either novel, check out the pictures, they are lovely.
I was so excited to finally get the chance to read The Silver Coin. After finishing The Gold Coin, I was terribly impatient to wait for it to arrive in Canada. When it finally did, I quickly snatched a copy from Chapters and  took a break to read it. And boy, the wait was worth it! I truly enjoyed  this novel: Ms.Kane did a wonderful job tying ends together, and the love  story between Breanna and Royce was wonderful and satisfying! Ms.Kane has  the ability to write mystery and romance, all packed into one novel. The  suspense was intriguing and the wonderul hero Royce, was always around to  protect his beloved was remarkable. Their love shines all throughout the  novel, and the characters takes the reader on a journey with them.<br />If  you've never read a novel by Ms.Kane before, you must read the Coin Series.  This is her writing at her best!
Once and Always by Judith Mcnaught was a delightful read! Although, honestly I did enjoy Almost Heaven and Something Wonderful much, much more, O&amp;A was still a tear jerker.<br />Victoria grew up in a loving  enviornment, whereas Jason grew up with a cruel childhood. Many people are  afraid of Jason because of his overbearing presence and power. When  Victoria's parents die suddenly, she is sent to live with her long distance  cousin, who she's never met, and so happens to be Jason, the powerful lord  of Wakefield. Jason is terribly annoyed with Victoria's arrival, and tries  his best to find a suitable husband for her. However, suprises always pop  up, and Jason finds himself slowly falling for Victoria's innocent charms  and gestures. BUT Victoria is already engaged to her childhood sweetheart,  Andrew, who on his mother's demands was to leave for Switzerland to visit  his cousin and 'test' out his long-term relationship with Victoria to see  if they can still remain faithful to each other. Andrew's mother dislikes  Victoria immensely and sets out to do some deceiving. She tells Victoria  that Andrew is already engaged to his cousin, and that she should go on  with her life and forget about the past. Feeling hurt and betrayed,  Victoria seeks comfort from Jason, and they eventually get married. Many  events occur as the two lovers try to sort out their true feelings. When  the truth is revealed about all the lies and deceit, chaos arises and  Victoria's love for Jason is sorely tested.  <br />One part I didn't like  about the novel, is that poor Andrew, who was innocent in all his mother's  lies, had to give up his true chance for happiness with Victoria, for it  was already too late. It was sad, but that's my opinion, and besides that,  the book was wonderful.
Once and Always by Judith Mcnaught was a delightful read! Although, honestly I did enjoy Almost Heaven and Something Wonderful much, much more, O&amp;A was still a tear jerker.<br />Victoria grew up in a loving  enviornment, whereas Jason grew up with a cruel childhood. Many people are  afraid of Jason because of his overbearing presence and power. When  Victoria's parents die suddenly, she is sent to live with her long distance  cousin, who she's never met, and so happens to be Jason, the powerful lord  of Wakefield. Jason is terribly annoyed with Victoria's arrival, and tries  his best to find a suitable husband for her. However, suprises always pop  up, and Jason finds himself slowly falling for Victoria's innocent charms  and gestures. BUT Victoria is already engaged to her childhood sweetheart,  Andrew, who on his mother's demands was to leave for Switzerland to visit  his cousin and 'test' out his long-term relationship with Victoria to see  if they can still remain faithful to each other. Andrew's mother dislikes  Victoria immensely and sets out to do some deceiving. She tells Victoria  that Andrew is already engaged to his cousin, and that she should go on  with her life and forget about the past. Feeling hurt and betrayed,  Victoria seeks comfort from Jason, and they eventually get married. Many  events occur as the two lovers try to sort out their true feelings. When  the truth is revealed about all the lies and deceit, chaos arises and  Victoria's love for Jason is sorely tested.  <br />One part I didn't like  about the novel, is that poor Andrew, who was innocent in all his mother's  lies, had to give up his true chance for happiness with Victoria, for it  was already too late. It was sad, but that's my opinion, and besides that,  the book was wonderful.
Once and Always by Judith Mcnaught was a delightful read! Although, honestly I did enjoy Almost Heaven and Something Wonderful much, much more, O&amp;A was still a tear jerker.<br />Victoria grew up in a loving  enviornment, whereas Jason grew up with a cruel childhood. Many people are  afraid of Jason because of his overbearing presence and power. When  Victoria's parents die suddenly, she is sent to live with her long distance  cousin, who she's never met, and so happens to be Jason, the powerful lord  of Wakefield. Jason is terribly annoyed with Victoria's arrival, and tries  his best to find a suitable husband for her. However, suprises always pop  up, and Jason finds himself slowly falling for Victoria's innocent charms  and gestures. BUT Victoria is already engaged to her childhood sweetheart,  Andrew, who on his mother's demands was to leave for Switzerland to visit  his cousin and 'test' out his long-term relationship with Victoria to see  if they can still remain faithful to each other. Andrew's mother dislikes  Victoria immensely and sets out to do some deceiving. She tells Victoria  that Andrew is already engaged to his cousin, and that she should go on  with her life and forget about the past. Feeling hurt and betrayed,  Victoria seeks comfort from Jason, and they eventually get married. Many  events occur as the two lovers try to sort out their true feelings. When  the truth is revealed about all the lies and deceit, chaos arises and  Victoria's love for Jason is sorely tested.  <br />One part I didn't like  about the novel, is that poor Andrew, who was innocent in all his mother's  lies, had to give up his true chance for happiness with Victoria, for it  was already too late. It was sad, but that's my opinion, and besides that,  the book was wonderful.
Once and Always by Judith Mcnaught was a delightful read! Although, honestly I did enjoy Almost Heaven and Something Wonderful much, much more, O&amp;A was still a tear jerker.<br />Victoria grew up in a loving  enviornment, whereas Jason grew up with a cruel childhood. Many people are  afraid of Jason because of his overbearing presence and power. When  Victoria's parents die suddenly, she is sent to live with her long distance  cousin, who she's never met, and so happens to be Jason, the powerful lord  of Wakefield. Jason is terribly annoyed with Victoria's arrival, and tries  his best to find a suitable husband for her. However, suprises always pop  up, and Jason finds himself slowly falling for Victoria's innocent charms  and gestures. BUT Victoria is already engaged to her childhood sweetheart,  Andrew, who on his mother's demands was to leave for Switzerland to visit  his cousin and 'test' out his long-term relationship with Victoria to see  if they can still remain faithful to each other. Andrew's mother dislikes  Victoria immensely and sets out to do some deceiving. She tells Victoria  that Andrew is already engaged to his cousin, and that she should go on  with her life and forget about the past. Feeling hurt and betrayed,  Victoria seeks comfort from Jason, and they eventually get married. Many  events occur as the two lovers try to sort out their true feelings. When  the truth is revealed about all the lies and deceit, chaos arises and  Victoria's love for Jason is sorely tested.  <br />One part I didn't like  about the novel, is that poor Andrew, who was innocent in all his mother's  lies, had to give up his true chance for happiness with Victoria, for it  was already too late. It was sad, but that's my opinion, and besides that,  the book was wonderful.
I enjoyed this story between Elizabeth and Geoffrey tremendously. *sigh* it was very romantic. In my opinion, unlike Ms. Garwood's other books (Castles, The Wedding) the book didn't lack at the end of the story. The  hero and heroine's love story got better after each turn of the page.   Geoffrey, a handsome warrior, is simply adorable with all his little  disipline rules that he uses on his knights - and Elizabeth. Elizabeth, who  grew up in a very loving family, had her own wild way in life.<br />The two of  them first met, when Elizabeth found out that her little brother was saved  from a baron named Geoffrey, whom she's never met before. Baron Geoffrey  was her deceased father's overlord, and was to take over the task of  finding the murderers of her family; due to the fact that Elizabeth's  parents and sisters were all attacked and killed in their own home, but  Elizabeth was able to escape with her brother. When Elizabeth arrived to  the holding of her brother, which also happened to be her home, she  mistaken Baron Geoffery for an ordinary injured knight. Expecting a way  older man, she was extremely shocked to find out that Baron Geoffrey was  indeed very young and handsome. She nurses Geoffrey back to health, but  before he awakens, Elizabeth runs off back to her hiding, in fear that her  uncle, whom she suspects as the murderer of her family, sees her alive and  well. When Geoffrey regains his health, he goes and finds Elizabeth and  brings her back with him. Feeling very protective, Geoffrey decides to  quickly marry Elizabeth and thus begins the revenge for Elizabeth's family,  and a merry chase between the lovers. <br />I got to admit, the dialogue in  the story is funny, witty, so romantic that it makes your tummy flutter.  You'll be laughing one minute and crying the next. I highly recommend this  book.
Once and Always by Judith Mcnaught was a delightful read! Although, honestly I did enjoy Almost Heaven and Something Wonderful much, much more, O&amp;A was still a tear jerker.<br />Victoria grew up in a loving  enviornment, whereas Jason grew up with a cruel childhood. Many people are  afraid of Jason because of his overbearing presence and power. When  Victoria's parents die suddenly, she is sent to live with her long distance  cousin, who she's never met, and so happens to be Jason, the powerful lord  of Wakefield. Jason is terribly annoyed with Victoria's arrival, and tries  his best to find a suitable husband for her. However, suprises always pop  up, and Jason finds himself slowly falling for Victoria's innocent charms  and gestures. BUT Victoria is already engaged to her childhood sweetheart,  Andrew, who on his mother's demands was to leave for Switzerland to visit  his cousin and 'test' out his long-term relationship with Victoria to see  if they can still remain faithful to each other. Andrew's mother dislikes  Victoria immensely and sets out to do some deceiving. She tells Victoria  that Andrew is already engaged to his cousin, and that she should go on  with her life and forget about the past. Feeling hurt and betrayed,  Victoria seeks comfort from Jason, and they eventually get married. Many  events occur as the two lovers try to sort out their true feelings. When  the truth is revealed about all the lies and deceit, chaos arises and  Victoria's love for Jason is sorely tested.  <br />One part I didn't like  about the novel, is that poor Andrew, who was innocent in all his mother's  lies, had to give up his true chance for happiness with Victoria, for it  was already too late. It was sad, but that's my opinion, and besides that,  the book was wonderful.
Once and Always by Judith Mcnaught was a delightful read! Although, honestly I did enjoy Almost Heaven and Something Wonderful much, much more, O&amp;A was still a tear jerker.<br />Victoria grew up in a loving  enviornment, whereas Jason grew up with a cruel childhood. Many people are  afraid of Jason because of his overbearing presence and power. When  Victoria's parents die suddenly, she is sent to live with her long distance  cousin, who she's never met, and so happens to be Jason, the powerful lord  of Wakefield. Jason is terribly annoyed with Victoria's arrival, and tries  his best to find a suitable husband for her. However, suprises always pop  up, and Jason finds himself slowly falling for Victoria's innocent charms  and gestures. BUT Victoria is already engaged to her childhood sweetheart,  Andrew, who on his mother's demands was to leave for Switzerland to visit  his cousin and 'test' out his long-term relationship with Victoria to see  if they can still remain faithful to each other. Andrew's mother dislikes  Victoria immensely and sets out to do some deceiving. She tells Victoria  that Andrew is already engaged to his cousin, and that she should go on  with her life and forget about the past. Feeling hurt and betrayed,  Victoria seeks comfort from Jason, and they eventually get married. Many  events occur as the two lovers try to sort out their true feelings. When  the truth is revealed about all the lies and deceit, chaos arises and  Victoria's love for Jason is sorely tested.  <br />One part I didn't like  about the novel, is that poor Andrew, who was innocent in all his mother's  lies, had to give up his true chance for happiness with Victoria, for it  was already too late. It was sad, but that's my opinion, and besides that,  the book was wonderful.
Ms. Garwood surely knows how to write, and it's cleary proven in her novel, Guardian Angel. Jade, our fabulous heroine, is on a mission to protect Caine, our gorgeous hero. But in order for Jade to keep Caine safe,  she generates lies in order to cover up her true identity. what her true  identity is, I cannot say, for that would ruin the story. However, the  romance between Jade and Caine I can write about. The love between Jade and  Caine is extremely emotional. Love for Caine comes pretty easily to him,  but for Jade it was a lot more difficult for her to express her emotions.  Jade grew up with an extremely harsh childhood, only with her brother and  her uncle taking care of her. But her brother and uncle would always  abandon her, or more like leave her at home so she could be kept safe,  while they were off on important sea business. Jade learns quickly about  keeping up appearances, in other words, masking her true feelings. But as  soon as she meets Caine, she realizes that Caine is able to make her be her  real self, and feel love and feel cherished.<br />The book is filled with cute  and funny scenes. Little endearments that Caine uses on Jade, and  especially the ending, is wonderful! Read the book, you'll love it. <br />P.S.  This is the second novel part of a 4-part series. The Lion's Lady, GUARDIAN  ANGEL, the Gift, and Castles.
Elizabeth Cameron and Ian Thornton fall in love almost at first sight. When Ian proposes for Elizabeth's hand in marriage, he had no idea that she was a Countess, and already engaged to someone else. Elizabeth's brother  (her guardian) comes on time to save Elizabeth from marrying Ian, but  causes a big scene. People at the ton find out about Elizabeth's behaviour  through gossip and thus causing a scandal for her.  2 years later, Ian and  Elizabeth meet again. Ian treats Elizabeth hostilely, but Elizabeth endures  it all, because she realizes that she still loves him, and vice versa when  Ian discovers that he was trying too hard to get her out of his life. And  so, this begins their quest for love.  <br />This is my favorite romance novel  of all-time. I have never, ever read such an emotional novel before. Judith  McNaught has an incredible ability to write solid novels. With Elizabeth  Cameron's character she was able to write Elizabeth as a young, innocent,  naive girl of seventeen, and this was prior to her scandal. After almost 2  years later, when she meets Ian for the first time since her scandal  (caused by him!) there is this new transition in Elizabeth's character and  as a reader you can tell that she's grown up and matured. I did not believe  that she was a weak character, she is probably one of McNaught's strongest  heroines. A must read! This book is pack with details, and many tear jerker  scenes.
I don't understand why so many people found the book so boring. The story carried a clear plot and a great view about the 1920s. I personally thought it was really well written. The language might be a little difficult to  understand, but that's why there are dictionaries.<br />The Great Gatsby was  written 80 years ago, and it is still around today. If it was such an  appalling novel, it would never have made it this far. But in any case, it  has been passed on to generations, and that is what makes this book a  classic.
A lovely story that will keep you up all night finishing it. Although the story is focused on Sheridan and Stephen, you will get to read about Whitney and Clayton (from Whitney my love) who make their appearances in a big part of the book. <br />Sheridan Bromleigh was hired to work as a chaperon  for her student, Charise Lancaster and was to accompany her to England.  Instead, on the way Charise eloped with another man, and Sheridan was left  with the responsibility to explain to the fiance what happened. However  when she steps of the ship, she was barley given a chance to explain. She  was knock on the head by a loadful of cargo! When she finally awakens she  doesn't remember a thing, even her name and how she looks like. Stephen  Westmoreland, the replacement for Lord Burleton, (the original fiance who  was killed in an accident), believes that she is Miss. Lancaster, and  eventually falls in love with her. Sheridan not knowing much, follows his  lead. Imagine what happens when the real Miss. Lancaster shows up? <br />This  book is absoultely wonderful.
a wonderful romance story that you'll want to read over and over and over again. Madelyne and Duncan fit so well together! I love the parts where Madelyne would keep on doing little things, like hold on to Duncan's hand,  or tell him how she would never talk to him again, or when she would cry  and Duncan would be always there to be sobbed on. My favorite part in the  book, is when Madelyne gets sick and she lives all her 'Greek legends'. She  gives Edmond a black eye and mistakens Duncan for many characters in her  legends (all heros of course!). Its very funny. The book is filled with  many scenes that will make you laugh and cry. <br />A magnificent story where  all spledours are filled through honor. Julie Garwood is the best!
If you are looking for a real romantic story to spend your time and money on, don't get this one. I personally found it really hard to finish. The beginning of the book started off really well, but by the middle (when  Brenna meets Jamie and Alec), the story started to lack. There are some  scenes which are utterly silly. The heroine, I believe, is very childish  and immature, and that made it really hard for me to continue. If you want  a really well-written novel by Julie Garwood, you should try The Secret,  Ransom or Honor's Splendour. You will want to read those more than once.
