Like most of the others here, I'm a lifelong fan of the Lone Ranger, and Clayton Moore was my favorite Lone Ranger.  I have a signed lithograph hanging in my living room.<br /><br />I am also a huge fan of Hollywood biographies.<br /><br />My biases being clear, I have to say that like everyone else, I loved Clayton Moore's story.  He's a genuine good guy, has nice things to say about everyone he worked with, and always tried to find the good in people.  People responded to him in kind, even in the days of hippie rebellion.<br /><br />Clayton Moore's relationship with the character of the Lone Ranger is unique.  He was typecast, but wanted to be typecast.  After playing the Lone Ranger, it's the only character he ever wanted to play.  Even Jay Silverheels had no intention of being Tonto forever.  Moore spent the rest of his life going to schools, shopping malls, etc., portraying either the Lone Ranger or portraying himself as the Lone Ranger.  He spent the rest of his life trying to embody the Ranger Creed.  No other actor was as closely tied to a character as was Moore.  Even his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame says both Clayton Moore and the Lone Ranger.<br /><br />Even the stories of being fired for Season 3 of the TV show, being called back for Season 4, and the legal wrangling over the use of the mask were downplayed in favor of discussing his relationship with his fans, some of whom he met at both 5 and 50 years of age.  His comment?  The adoration in their eyes for the Lone Ranger was the same at any age.<br /><br />If you were ever a fan of the show, the photos alone are worth the price of the book.<br /><br />Also, if you need large print books, the print in this edition is quite large.  No need to look for a large print edition.
Kudos to the author for tackling a very difficult subject and bringing him beautifully to life.<br /><br />I read this book because I always wanted an Auntie Mame, and wanted to know about the life of the man who conceived her.  His life and wit was every bit as colorful as his best known creation.<br /><br />Edward Tanner's life was full of contradictions.  He was a success who's father always considered him a failure.  He was a gay man who loved having a family, including wife and children.  He was a success who was afraid of the day he would become old hat, and saw that day arrive.<br /><br />I was mostly interested in how he lost all his millions (he spent lavishly until it was gone), and went on to become a successful butler.  I was especially fascinated by his brief stint as a butler to the Kroc family.<br /><br />The best parts of this book are the inclusion of letters to his children and friends.
I'm an LJB collector, so I bought this one.  A previous review said she thought it was written by a very bad ghost writer, and that is not a harsh criticism!<br /><br />If you're a fan, but not a collector, here's the poop from Moose County:<br /><br />1.  Brrr has a huge 200th anniversary celebration.<br /><br />2.  Qwill does another one-man show, another radio broadcast of a disaster, this time a big snowstorm of 1913.  Research provided by Thornton Haggis.<br /><br />3.  Polly is training her library replacement and is studying the psychology of running the new bookstore.<br /><br />4.  Ground broke for the new bookstore.  An empty pirate's chest was found.  The new store will be called The Pirate's Chest.<br /><br />5.  Bushy, the photographer gets married.<br /><br />6.  The back of the book contains 2 recipes, one for Reuben sandwiches, and one for Molasses cookies.<br /><br />7.  Yum Yum's favorite toy is a silver thimble.<br /><br />8.  Never mind the murders.  They're unimportant.<br /><br />Some Goofy Stuff:<br /><br />1.  There is a murder on Qwill's property, and he is not in the least curious.<br /><br />2.  There is a brief conversation with Susan Exbridge about Iris Cobb, but no explanation of who she was (a main character that was murdered very early in the Cat Who series).<br /><br />3.  There are various discussions about marmalades, both a marmalade competition in Brrr, and a new marmalade cat for the new book store, to be named Dundee (after the English marmalade).  No connection to a plot or a sub-plot.<br /><br />4.  Former investigator Simmons comes from California to be a surprise guest at the wedding.  His investigative skills are not used his presence in the book is not even a red herring.  Just odd.<br /><br />5.  There is a forced plane landing with the bookstore architect on it.  He finds the experience \\"interesting.\\"  Also not a red herring, just odd.<br /><br />6.  There are plenty goofy examples.<br /><br />I hope this saves some people the price of this book.  But I love the population of Moose County and wouldn't mind if this series gave up the murder investigations altogether and just captured the townspeople in the fabric of their lives.County and wouldn't mind if this series gave up the murder investigations altogether and just captured the townspeople in the fabric of their lives.
This is a well written but sad story of a woman's life.  Jean Arthur (Gladys Greene) never managed to fit in anywhere.  Not Hollywood, not teaching, not the theater, not family.  She left a glittering film legacy, but I just felt sad for her.  Full of energy, full of life, yet so alone.
I've had this book for many, many years, and I'm always struck by the simplicity of the story and the complexity of the illustrations.  The lovely black dog in the story is an unsung hero who saves a baby floating away in the rain.  I named my black lab Bruno after the dog in this story.<br /><br />Many of Edward Gorey's stories are too adult or too black for children.  But if your child is thoughtful and imaginative, I would recommend this one.<br /><br />This is a must for Gorey collectors.<br /><br />And for the one person in the universe who doesn't know this, Gorey began the beautiful black and white illustrations used on Public Television's Mystery series (he didn't finish them because he died).
This book is so badly written, it is comparable to junior high school English essays.  Terrible!<br />But the story of this strong and smart Chinese woman carries the book despite the terrible writing.<br />Polly, a name thrust on her by her owner in California, is a Chinese peasant girl who is sold into slavery by her impoverished family.  Eventually, in California's &quot;wild west,&quot; and with her consent, a white friend bought her out of her concubinage and they ran a boarding house together.  Later, their relationship blossomed into something more serious.  Since an interracial relationship in those days was intolerable, they bought a farm far from the rest of the world on a creek named Polly Creek after her.  There, they both lived happily ever after until their deaths.<br />The story of Polly's survival skills, inventiveness, hard work and great love is what this book is all about.  I learned alot about self-reliance and creative thinking.
Groucho Marx is known for his letter writing.  This collection is great, but not as good as The Groucho Letters.  Since these are only to his daughter, Miriam, they don't reflect aspects of his personality that show up in The Groucho Letters, which are collected from diverse people, family, friends, and other show people, not to mention Warner Brothers during a law suit.<br />But I love this collection because Groucho comes across as a loving and concerned parent who can't get enough of his children.  He is supportive, generous, thoughtful and witty.
I enjoy this genre of mystery, the type that takes place in a small town with quirky local characters and not much blood and guts.  This book is the first in the Loon Lake, Lew Ferris Police Chief, fly fishing series.<br />Although the series touts tough, fly fishing Ms. Lew Ferris as police chief, the book is told through the eyes of retired dentist Dr. Osbourne, who is deputized to be a forensic dentist.  Usually in this genre, the story is told through the actual detective.  Seeing the mystery unfold second-hand through the dentist's eyes is different, and frankly, not as interesting.  His contributions to the clue-finding are tripping over the body and identifying that her gold fillings have been pulled out.  For the rest of the clues, the reader must rely on what Chief Ferris chooses to tell him.  This is complicated by Dr. Osbourne's developing crush on the police chief.<br />I don't think this author is as good a writer as, for example, Earlene Fowler (quilting mysteries) or Diane Mott Davidson (culinary mysteries with excellent recipes included).  However, if you are desperate for another author who can be relied on to keep to the genre, I would recommend this author, Victoria Houston (the name sounds made up, doesn't it?).
I read So Big literally decades ago, and the story has stuck with me through all that time.<br />Selina DeJong's positive and hard working attitude is inspirational.  Ferber does her justice in the end, when Selina achieves &quot;gravitas,&quot; the state of being satisfied with her life and wise in old age.<br />Typically, her son doesn't appreciate what his mother has given him until his is older and can see her through his girlfriend's eyes.  Suddenly she becomes clear to him as a heroine.<br />This story even inspired me to each vegetables more!  I can only hope you enjoy this book as much as I did.
The author opens the book with a simple chart for creating your own totally balanced meals, with columns of suggested foods for starch, protein, veggies, and enhancers.  Once you get into the suggested recipes, there are suggestions for rounding out the meal with wine or beer, etc.  The recipes all look great and fairly easy without being too simplistic.  Nice photos.
While I can't speak to the veracity of the facts involved, I can say with certainty that I loved this story of a man in the wilderness making friends with a wolf pack.  He lovingly dedicates the book to one of his wolf friends.<br />Mowat goes alone into the Alaskan wilderness to study the wild wolves, who are being exterminated because of a belief that they are eating livestock.  Mowat tries as well as humanly possible to live as he sees the wolves living.  He drinks gallons of tea so he can pee around his camp to mark his territory.  He eats rodents to see if he gets his full complement of dietary needs.  He takes &quot;wolf naps&quot; so that he can watch them interact with one another during all hours.  He even notes baby-sitting habits.<br />Unusually, the movie that was made from this book keeps to the story pretty accurately.  I would recommend that, also.
I'm giving this dog cookbook the full 5 stars, even though I'm getting rather sick of books &quot;written&quot; by people's pets.  The photographs are worth the price alone, but the recipes are fabulous and healthful.  There's also a Table of Equivalents included in the back.  There are also marvelous quotations sprinkled throughout of famous people's feelings about dogs.<br />I'm giving this book as a gift, too.
I always wanted to write a novel about women in this time, but after I read this book, I stopped thinking about it.  Marge Piercy said exactly what I had wanted to say.  It's all about the freedom, yet confinment, of the sexual revolution, the questions asked at that time about the real similarities and differences between men and women, i.e., nature versus nurture, etc.  Marge P. is a wonderful writer, and I enjoy all her material immensely.  The small stories about all people contained in this novel become dear to one's heart.
I couldn't put this book down.  I love it when real life surpasses fictional imagination.  The story of Mr. Stoll's discovery of a hacker in his university's computer network, and the international chase that ensued was thrilling.  His all-nighters, help from his girlfriend (turned ex-girlfriend by the book's end), and triumphant and happy ending makes for fascinating reading.<br />I think that this book would make a wonderful movie, even if the technology is way outdated by now.  Hollywood -- pay attention.
Although the publishers try to pump up this book as being extremely racy, I found Berle's descriptions of his sexual exploits hilarious. I'm not justifying having children out of wedlock, but the man was very funny.<br />But the story of Milton Berle's life is also touching and full of real affection for his family and friends. He either lived with or was in close contact with his mother (the original stage mother!) on a daily basis, and even made it into a record book for doing just that. His description of his mystical visits with her after her death was charming.<br />Eventually, Berle settled down with a down-to-earth woman, to whom he stayed married until his death. He was very proud of her. While he and many other entertainers were either 4F or doing entertainment duties during the war, she was a veteran.<br />This book is also insightful into the history of stand-up comedy. Theft of material was rampant, and Berle was famous for being one of the most thieving. He was proud of it, but justifies it by proving that lots of others did it, too, and that his material was also stolen.<br />This was a fun autobiography, and I recommend it. I also recommend A Dreadful Man, which is a biography of George Sanders based on letters from his last wife.
Having had a few psychic episodes, I wanted to tap into this ability with greater regularity.  When I first opened this book, it began with stuff that sounded very New Age to me, which put me off.  However, I continued reading, and found that the book is actually very common sense, with good and even practical ideas for psychic growth.<br />Whether you are New Age, common sense, or even skeptical, I think you will find this book both well written and entertaining.  Like others, I'm finding it very useful for the purpose.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I found this book on a remainder table and couldn't resist it.  I bake often, and once you experience baking with buttermilk, you'll want to expand your baking recipes to include lots with buttermilk.  It's a great baking ingredient (including the dried buttermilk powder).<br />With the success of the baking recipes, I tried some of the &quot;smothered&quot; recipes.  Also great.<br />The recipes in this book are mostly easy and contain typical ingredients.  They are also crowd pleasers.  I can't recommend this book highly enough.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
I own this and all the Country Garden series of cookbooks.  They are all visually gorgeous, and all written by professional chefs.  Each book surrounds a featured ingredient which is seasonal.  I must admit that many of the recipes could be considered &quot;chi-chi,&quot; but for cookbook collectors, this series is really wonderful.  I'm sorry they stopped adding to these books, and very sorry that they are going out of print.
This book broke open the subject of incest and incest in combination with other forms of physical and mental abuse.  At the time of its first printing, it was the only mass-market information available.  It is well written and comprehensively researched.<br />Although some of the statistics will be dated by now, I would imagine that the basic material is still as valid today as it was back then.<br />I was also fascinated to see some of the commonalities between the adult survivors.  Many of the consequences of incest could be tracked with a fair amount of accuracy.
I enjoyed every page of this book of commentary on the 5 books of Moses.  I even tried the recipe for red lentils that was offered as the meal that Jacob might have fed to Esau in exchange for his father's birthright.<br />Ms. Frankel is a noted Jewish scholar, and this book should not be taken lightly, or as a pure exercise of fiction.  She is trying to find the voices of Jewish women that were lost in history, whether sad, bitter, or even humorous.<br />Reading this book, which is broken out into the individual Torah portions, with encapsulations of the Biblical texts, was a wonderful treat.  It not only gives its own differing perspectives, but encourages one to think for onesself, to go a different road if that's where your thoughts take you.<br />This book is well written and lots of fun.  I recommend it to everyone with an interest in Torah (or Old Testament!) studies.
First, this book is a biography of a chapter in Michael Lewis' life.  It is NOT a book about increasing your personal wealth or about Wall Street high finance.<br />That being said, this book is wonderfully well written, full of surprises, and the reference to the game of Liar's Poker carries well as a vehicle throughout the book.  It was scary and comical to see what brokers and traders are actually doing with my money once I hand it over to them.<br />I am glad that Michael Lewis survived his time on in the stock market and lived to tell us all about it.  I will undoubtedly reread this book some time.
Unlike previous reviewers here, I did not find this book either side-splitting or hilarious in any way.  I never laughed out loud once.  But I enjoyed the book because Mickey Katz came across as a warm person who cared deeply about his family, good music, and genuinely entertaining people in the manner they wished to be entertained.  A conservative group would get a show tailored to them.  A Las Vegas audience would get a show tailored to them.  He was concerned for others always, especially his audiences.  He always wanted them to get their money's worth.<br />I was raised to think of Mickey Katz just as a Jewish comedian.  I had no idea he was such an accomplished musician and showman.  But his pride in his own accomplishments was dwarfed by his pride in his children's accomplishments, pride that was equally split between his two sons, one being the actor Joel Gray and the other being one of the founders of Telecredit.<br />Mickey Katz was my father's cousin, and I must admit that I bought the book looking for clues to my own father's life.  I got something different, but something good nonetheless.<br />If your taste runs to the heartwarming autobiography, this is it.
Like everyone else, I loved the story of this family, men and dogs, and how they came to build their business.  It was a true American entrepreneurial tale, and I'm glad they've had success.  The descriptions of the dogs were also compelling.<br />I have to admit, though, that I've tied several of the recipes, and my dog never cared much for the results.  The ginger snaps in particular seemed inedible to him.  I've made many other dog biscuits for him using recipes from other places and out of the newspaper that sent him over the moon.<br />If you don't plan to use the recipes, I highly recommend this book.  It is a wonderful story and well written.
Lincoln and Douglas really stood before people and said the things documented in this book.  Lincoln changed his interpretation of black-white relations to suit his target audience.  With no national press available to put his feet to the fire, any candidate could change his opinions at any time to seek votes.<br />Douglas, although he was the same man throughout the campaign, had distasteful views to our modern perspective.  Only white Christian men had anything worthwhile to offer society.  Everyone else was an unpleasant burden for them to suffer with (noblesse oblige).<br />When I started to read the speeches, I expected Lincoln to be the obvious winner in the debates.  He's a winner to me, but by a much smaller margin than anticipated.  Anyone who wants to know history from the mouths of the actual players should read this book.
This book is not the movie, which I would not let children watch because of its graphic sexual content.  The book was a clean, even noble, discussion of Ron Kovic's early optimism in life and his later disillusionment with the war and the government's treatment of veterans.<br />This book is the story of Mr. Kovic's early all-American years before the war, his war experiences, his injury experiences, and his changes of heart that drove him to activism.<br />I would love to read a second volume of Mr. Kovic's life story and get an update on his life to date.
Forget that Stephen King wrote this book, and leave your expectations at the door.<br />I was totally engrossed in the story of this poor, honest, hard-working woman and her husband and children.  Also, the dynamics between her and her disabled woman boss.  Dolores overcame many obstacles in her life, and there is not quite a happy ending.<br />Yes, the book is vaguely a murder mystery, but all the plot threads had me captivated from the beginning.<br />I take one star away from the book because it can get quite graphic about body functions -- after all she was a parent with nose-picking children and took care of a disabled woman with a  bedpan.  If you don't like that kind of realism, don't read this, but if you can stand the discussions, this is a great read.  I was rooting for Dolores the whole way.
What I loved most about this book was that the women who gave birth to us are our mothers, but women who teach us life lessons are also our mothers.  The definition of mother grows with our abilities to accept more nurturers and teachers in our lives.  It is very important to accept the fact about our mothers that they were only human and did the best they could, but that's another life lesson that can ripple more globally.<br />Ultimately, this book is about choosing mentors and tolerance for human frailties.  I'm glad it's still in print.
Science, medicine and psychology aside, these people who are triumphing over the most inhuman odds are unforgettable and inspiring.  Most would be unlovable to us if we knew them personally, but that's not important.  All of us know people who've had many more advantages in life who have not lived up to their potentials.  These folks more than make up for the underachievers.  They're all somehow brilliant in their own rights.
Loving, conquering great odds, and losing the love of your life are universal themes that anyone with the capacity to love can appreciate.  The author never questions the morality of gay romance -- it's just another aspect of life.  The larger issues for this couple are the teacher/student and older/younger problems that stand in the way of the course of true love.  In addition, they also are opposites who attract about vegetarian versus carnivore, military versus pacifist and former hetero versus always comfortable as a gay.  Yet despite the inherent problems, the reader always roots for these two to finally work things out.<br />Sports and running are ultimately what molds and holds these two together.  The shocking end is unforgettable.
I sat and read this book in one sitting, completely ignoring the party that was going on around me.  I couldn't stop feeding my own and Fiedler's fascination for people who would fall into the \\"Freaks\\" category for whatever reason.<br />Fiedler, who had an unnatural feeling his whole life that he had a missing twin, had such an obsession with the history and humanity of freaks, he finally had to quench it by writing this book.<br />The book is a history of freaks before surgery made it possible for many of them to have the appearance of normalcy.  It's also the story of their humanity and their struggles to survive under difficult and often unkind conditions.  I came away with a much deeper understanding of what it means to be human, in any and all forms.  I found myself seeing everyone as normal, rather than as \\"other.\\"<br />If you've always had a hidden passion to understand what is typically considered unnatural, I recommend this book.  Ultimately, people are people.
I've never read another book quite like this one.  The author describes the history of society's attitude toward death and how it has changed with advances in medicine.  Early on, death was accepted at any age as inevitable and in its own time.  This attitude is contrasted with our modern-day concept of life being forever, with all of us hanging on by our fingernails until the last gasp.<br />The examples, particularly ones from the Civil War of the mortally wounded soldiers preparing themselves to become corpses, affected me profoundly.  I haven't seen life or death the same since reading this book.<br />Are we asking too much of our doctors?  Are we ungracious or blind in our wish to ignore the inevitable?  These days, someone must be at fault for a death; someone should pay.  Very little grace when confronting the vast eternal that comes to us all.  Or are we, after all, entitled to life everlasting on earth if only science and medicine could just hurry up?
This story is so beautiful and has such a happy ending that it always makes me cry.  I found this book as an adult 30 years ago, and I had to buy a second copy to use as a loaner.  Given the prices shown here, I should probably give one copy up for sale, but I can't part with it.<br />For the lonely people out there who think that there is only one soulmate to be found, this book says otherwise.  Love comes in a variety of forms and packages if you're open to it.
This is one of my all-time favorite children's books.  I own a hardcopy and a paperback, and have read it several times over the years.<br />It's the story of a mother and daughter living alone together.  The mother finds a hairy boyfriend that the daughter nicknames \\"The Wolfman.\\"  The story progresses as The Wolfman becomes more and more a part of their lives, until he finally moves in.  This book is one of the earliest children's books to deal with a single mother and a live-in boyfriend.  But the story is handled gracefully, and the child is fully accepting of the situation.  If anything, the awkwardness of the adults makes the child want to make them more comfortable with the situation.<br />I highly recommend for either children, or for adult light (very light) reading.
Good illustrations, tight bios of the buildings, not very gripping.  For Main Line fans.
Benita Hume was a charming correspondent.  Her letters bring her 2nd husband George Sanders to life in a way that a more objective observer probably never could.  Who else would tell you that Sanders could play the guitar behind his back, or that he was an amateur electrician who routinely rewired his friends' houses?  He had so many gifts, it's endlessly fascinating to me that he ended his life because he was bored.<br />This may not be a typical biography, but it's one of the best that I've read.
Manchester illustrates what one family can do to change the course of history if they're in the right place at the right time.  Eventually the Krupp family business, and their dynasty, had the German goverment behind them, protecting them with their own laws and their own train spur to Der Hugel, the family estate.  The rise of the Krupp's, what they did with their power, and the eventual dying off of the family, is the study of The Arms of Krupp.  It's a powerful and profoundly moving story, given the lead role the family and its business played in arming the Germans for both World Wars and the enslavement and starvation of many prisoners.  Krupp was one of a few private companies in Germany to have its own concentration camp for Jews.<br />I was deeply shocked that the Krupp family was cleared of war crimes in Nuremburg.<br />But it's a fascinating family history, and I found it gripping from beginning to end.  The family is full of interesting and lively characters.  Someday, when I have the stomach for the gruesome parts again, I will reread it.
Good, clear instructions for making all my favorite B&amp;J's flavors.  Good lessons in shaving, chunking and adapting, too.
Fred Allen was one of my favorite wits, a true comic genius.  This book was long and well-written, but it can be summed up very simply.  Fred Allen worked and sent money home to his aunt.  He got married.  They worked together and sent money home to his aunt.  I felt very ground down by work when I finished reading this autobiography.<br />But it is a very good lesson in the grind of vaudeville and how difficult it was to make the transitions from B-grade stages to A-grade stages, and from there to real theater, radio, etc.  I especially loved his description of an up and coming dancer named George Burns, who was traveling the vaudeville circuit with his partner, Lorraine.<br />As a fan of the biography genre, I couldn't resist this one.
I was 42 when I got married, and even at that age, I still needed someone's permission to make my own choices.  This book gave me that freedom, and I'll never forget it.  If the ideas are not very creative, well, that might be the couple's job as wedding planners to get creative.  With the help of this book, our wedding day was exactly the day my husband and I wanted, and we look back on it with great affection.
Very easy recipes and surprisingly good and useful kitchen tricks and tips.
This book was all about simple (and ugly) projects, rather than the how-to basics book I was looking for.  Ugly graphics, too.
Despite the fact that there is some misinformation in the book (it may have been corrected in subsequent editions), I loved this book.  It was readable without being condescending.  It transmitted enthusiasm for the sport of fishing and made me see what types of fishing I would and would not want to engage in.  It made me want to get out there and DO IT.  And I did!<br />If you are a gentleman looking for a good fishing book for a woman, I highly recommend this as a great gift.
This told me EVERYTHING to begin serging, practically from taking it out of the box.  It discusses everything from turning the machine on and off, to threading for different stiches, the differences between stitches, good fabric to use versus good fabric for regular sewing, etc.  I cannot recommend this book highly enough for the complete novice.
This book neatly breaks down the elements of a conversation and why you might be stuck.  Everything is clumped into very small bites of information, very easy to absorb.  If anything, this book might be overly simplified.
I highly recommend this book to people who feel either shy or awkward in social situations.  I feel that I have gotten a great deal of useful information out of this book.
This cookbook is different from any others that I've ever seen.  The theme is the 50's, 60's and 70's, and the foods are ones that families would have eaten in front of the TV together.  Many of the recipes are adaptations of foods that were found in the old-style TV dinners.  Reading this cookbook really took me back in time!<br />WARNING:  For the most part, these are not diet recipes!
This book has fabulous recipes for all types of pizza doughs and all types of pizza, from main dishes to dessert pizzas.  The doughs range from quick and easy to slower and more complicated.  I call this book inspirational because it inspired my husband to make pizza, too.  That's what I call a great cookbook!
I wouldn't have thought that the topic of chilled and frozen desserts would make for an entire cookbook, but I was wrong.  If you enjoy entertaining, making chilled and frozen desserts ahead of time is a real help on the day of the event.  And typical of Mr. Food, all the recipes sound both good and easy to fairly easy.
Math doesn't scare me or bother me.  But why should I do it when it's done for me in very precise, clear charts?  All the basics and some of the obscure sizes and patterns are covered.  This book pays for itself each time I make a quilt.  It's the first book I reach for whenever I start a project.<br />I HIGHLY recommend this book to everyone who plans to make more than one quilting project.
The recipes in this book were like a flashback in time to the days of TV dinners on TV tables in front of the TV set.  But in a good way, and with real food instead of foil trays.  Fun.  I really enjoyed reading it!
This book has lots of great ideas for beginning quilters to understand the variety of bindings one can put on a quilt quite simply.  The photo illustrations in this book (almost a pamphlet, really) are beautiful, but are grouped for study.<br />This book makes me want to get away from the standard bias-mitered bindings.
These are three very simple basic quilt blocks with some interesting uses.  I find myself going back to this book often as a reference.
The instructions are clear and easy and the patterns are also not difficult.  I would recommend this book to beginning quilters, or to people who love simple designs.
I was fascinated by the depth of the statistics and the breadth of the analyses in this book.  Although statistics can be dry, and it took me a while to plow through the entire book, it was terribly interesting none the less.<br />It's worth reading, although, in a nutshell, the premise is that Americans used to be joiners and much more social animals.  Now, they are either not joiners, or joining means something different, like paying dues to a national organization with no meetings, instead of paying dues to a local organization and meeting new friends and neighbors.  Many national organizations that meet on local levels have suffered to the point of extinction.  Even bridge clubs and bowling leagues (hence the title) have fallen out of favor.
As a cross-stitch AND antique car enthusiast, I was really looking forward to reading this book.  This is my first Monica Ferris, and it is my last.  Her character exposition is so poor that throughout the early pages of the book, I couldn't remember which character was supposed to be the amateur detective.<br />The writing style is downright boring, and I am unimpressesd with the plot, as well.<br />If you are looking for mysteries with &quot;women's&quot; themes, I recommend the culinary mystery series by Diane Mott Davidson, and the quilting mysteries by Earlene Fowler.  Earlene Fowler in particular is an awesome novelist.
I bought this book because I thought it would give me project specifications for the novice furniture builder.  It doesn't give project instructions.  Instead, it gives instructions on any simple design that you might create for your own furniture designs.  It gives instructions on different drawers, different doors, different legs, etc.  In other words, this book gives you the freedom to be creative and also to accomplish your own vision.
Like so many others here, I remember Gordo fondly from a very young age.  The bright colors on Sunday appealed to me.  So did the combinations of adult themes and animal themes.  Gus Arriola was the first person in my life to bring home to me that life is life, animal or human.<br />The cartoonist has a great sense of humor and a unique drawing style.  The book is essentially the story of the life of Gus Arriola, which is an interesting one, interspersed with many, many samples of his cartoons, both daily and Sunday.  So this book has to be taken as a biography rather than as a compendium of the cartoonist's work.<br />This story of the life of Gus and Mary Frances Arriola is a nice one, full of laughter and good friends and fulfilling work.  It is also very, very good to relive some of the cartoon moments that are also provided.  No, this book is not the complete works of Gordo, and I would like to see that happen someday soon.  But in its own right, it's a great book.<br />If you like cartoons and have an interest in cartoonists, you should have fun with this one.
It's really too bad that all the Mr. Food cookbooks are going out of print.  They are the greatest!!<br />This book in particular I bought to try and feed my picky, meat and potatoes husband.  I love it!  Like all his other books (I have 10), his recipes are easy and tasty, and most recipes make fabulous leftovers.<br />Try to snap up some of the Mr. Food cookbooks before they are no longer available.
I read the reviews of Mabel Hoffman's cookbooks and bought them on the strength of those reviews.  I'm sorry I did.<br />I use a crockpot to make my life simpler.  Ms. Hoffman's recipes usually require either cheesecloth, a crockpot trivet, or both.  Sometimes, you have to prepare the food before placing in the crockpot.  The food may be marvelous, but as a working woman, I'm not going to do all these things.<br />I believe I copied out 3-5 recipes per each book of Ms. Hoffman's that I bought.  If you enjoy fussy crockpot cooking, these may be the books for you.
I read the reviews of Mabel Hoffman's cookbooks and bought them on the strength of those reviews.  I'm sorry I did.<br />I use a crockpot to make my life simpler.  Ms. Hoffman's recipes usually require either cheesecloth, a crockpot trivet, or both.  Sometimes, you have to prepare the food before placing in the crockpot.  The food may be marvelous, but as a working woman, I'm not going to do all these things.<br />I believe I copied out 3-5 recipes per each book of Ms. Hoffman's that I bought.  If you enjoy fussy crockpot cooking, these may be the books for you.
I don't know the man any better after reading this book than I did before.  But I do have some compassion now for the lifestyle choices he and others made, and the logic behind those choices.  He seemed driven to the self-destruction which he achieved.<br />The book was well written and personal to an uncomfortable extreme.  I don't think it was a waste of time, but as a non-gay, non-avant garde person, I am happy to say that I don't feel included in the audience of this book.
I don't think this book was written for lay people, and I find the writing style slightly dry.  But the subject matter of people passing as something they are not is fascinating, and this book is extremely well researched and documented.<br />If you like non-fiction, as I do, I recommend this book.
Mr. Lester is a great writer, and has the gift of objectivity about himself and his family, which is rare.  His search for the way to connect to G'd is painfully slow, but joyful in its culmination.
The stories in this book are sometimes hauntingly beautiful.  One woman expressed my thoughts so well that I read her story aloud at my bat mitzvah.  This is truly a book for making connections.
I love all the Mr. Food cookbooks.  I would advise everyone to buy at least one, since they are slowly but surely going out of print.  This one is also very, very good, though not my favorite.
All of Anita Diament's non-fiction books are so good (I haven't read her work of fiction - The Red Tent).  When I began studying Judaism, her books were given to me to read as textbooks.  They are wonderfully well-written and informative.<br />Her topics engage people.  She gives you choices early on so that you can start immediately choosing where you want to go as a Jew.
I was initially put off by Decter's claim that she is a sort of Everywoman of the past 30 or so years. But I was surprised at how true it turned out to be. Her comments on most women's inner fears over the sexual revolution and the prospect of life without \\"a man\\" jived completely with my memories of the period. Her descriptions of the political climates of recent presidencies were also right on target.
Neither my husband nor I had ever owned a dog before, much less a puppy.  We relied on the two books by the Monks of New Skete for our own training as new owners.  I cannot recommend them highly enough.  These books are for all dogs, not just Shepherds.
Neither my husband nor I had ever owned a dog before, much less a puppy.  We relied on the two books by the Monks of New Skete for our own training as new owners.  I cannot recommend them highly enough.  These books are for all dogs, not just Shepherds.
I enjoy Davidson's writing style -- no gratuitous sex, no grisly descriptions of violence, no bad language.  It may be too clean for jaded city folks.<br />I enjoyed this particular book very much, and I always look forward to her next one.  Her recipes are always excellent -- I've made many of them.  The architectural descriptions of castle life in this one were somewhat sketchy, but interesting.
I spent my entire life having nightmares routinely.  After reading this book, I have conquered them for good.  I cannot believe how simple it was, or how effective its been.<br />Like many one topic books, this one should be a chapter in a larger book instead of its own volume.  But I can't argue with its success.
As an adult preparing for bat mitzvah, this book was much too basic for me.  I also attend synagogue regularly, and most of this stuff is routine from the service.<br />While this book was well written, it is for novices and non-attendees and their children.<br />I do not have a title to recommend for adults preparing for bar/bat mitzvah.
Like most feng shui books, this one is short.  While most of the discussion was very clearcut and to the point, some of it was definitely the psychology of muddy reasoning that I found confusing.  However, my bedroom makeover turned out fantastic, and every time I'm in the room, I feel happy.<br />I loaned this book to a friend, who in turn, loaned it to her daughter.  They are also happy with their results.
I love this series -- I am an unabashed fan.  Even though I figured out the mystery very early on, I still enjoyed it very much.<br />This book is the rare mystery where the murderer never gets a legal comeuppance.
I'm a huge Mr. Food fan, but his is my least favorite of his cookbooks.  I found the recipes repetitive and not as appealing as the ones in his other books.<br />Unless you're desperate for Tex-Mex, I would try some of Mr. Food's other cookbooks before trying this one.
The type is so tiny in this slender volume that I can hardly see it.  With a magnifying glass, the phrase book can be helpful.
This is an unbelievably good book.  Useful and well written, with lots of excellent, and sometimes uncomfortable, exercises to do with your partner.  Dr. Phil skips the touchy-feely stuff and gets right to work on the symptoms of a marriage going sour, and real solutions to problems.<br />I am not an Oprah fan and had no idea that Dr. Phil was connected to her or her TV show.  Do NOT let the Oprah connection put you off to this book!!  I cannot recommend it highly enough!
I agree with the person before me who believes that David Horowitz wrote himself out of much of the dangerous and illegal activities and the times of almost compulsory drug abusing.  Outside of the that, I found his story intriguing and his views of history enlightening.  Well written, well documented.  Made me want to read much more from his source material, plus follow up on his current career activities.
I have about 8 of his cookbooks.
Much as I enjoyed this workbook and its accompanying CD, I find making the time or finding the self-discpline to be the hard part.  If you are a person who needs &quot;babysitting,&quot; I doubt if this self-help book will be good for you.<br />The chants are sung in a comfortable mid-range, as opposed to a soprano or a bass.
By the end of this book, I was extremely depressed over mainstream media.  The book is well researched, with a variety of source material.  The author draws from both liberal and conservative sources, and from people who have been in both camps.<br />Unfortunately, the prognosis for even-handed coverage of hot button issues is poor.  Where do you go for coverage you can trust?  This book had no answers to that question.
This is an excellent handyman guide.  I highly recommend it, even if you are not planning to do the work yourself.  It helps to speak knowledgeably to your contractor.
Read Dr. Phil McGraw's Relationship Rescue. MUCH better.<br />I know there are many Harville fans out there, but if you've already spent years in therapy, you've \\"gotten over\\" your rotten childhood.  Harville's books promote victimization and entitlement.
This book sparked my sewing imagination like no other I've ever read about any craft.  I'm sorry to see that it's out of print, and I would recommend that people interested in sewing clothes or designing clothes go the extra mile to get an old copy.
This is the true story of a group of very sick people permanently living in a hospital.  They have an amazing semi-recovery due to some drug experimentation, but there is no lasting or long-term recovery.<br />Unlike the movie, there is no love story, and the Leonard character is not a lovable hero.  But the book is well written, and the medical ramifications are clearly explained for the lay-person.<br />I recommend this, and all of Oliver Sacks' books, highly.
I was skeptical that such a slender volume could be of any lasting value, but I was astounded at the simple truths expressed and proactive activities this book recommends.  The book is a down-to-earth, sensible discussion of recreating one's marriage for right now, rather than relying on the information you first gleaned during dating, most of which will be quite outdated by now.
These letters are a wonderful slice of life of Samuel Richardson's time and mores.  I used to own a hard copy of this and read it more than once.  I would love to see it available for Kindle.
This book is an outstanding analysis of the doctor as patient, especially in the realm of neuropathology.  It is also an interesting chunk of autobiography for people who are curious about Oliver Sacks' life beyond patients.
Having studied linguistics in depth over the years, especially Tannen's mentor, Robin Lakoff, I feel this book does a disservice to its topic. I think that, as old as they are, the best books on the subject of man-talk versus woman-talk are by Dr. Joyce Brothers.<br />Men come off rather badly overall in this book, which I think reinforces the stereotypes of men being rotten communicators who never listen.<br />The book gets one star because it has an excellent reference list and great notes.
This entire book was news to me: the Star of David's pagan origins, it's other names, sharing it with churches and mosques, how recently it became a worldwide Jewish symbol.  Most of the source material is in German and other languages.  Plaut has done his own translations in researching this topic.  The chapters are cohesive, the flow is good, it is well written, and the illustrations are beautiful.
The recipes all sound appetizing, but you will need time, patience, and skill to implement them. As a working woman, I can't say this book has been at all useful.
I read this book decades ago, and I can still laugh when I remember it.  If you want to laugh at/with city folks who go to the country, this is a great one.
I was fairly bored by most of these stories, much as I usually adore LJB.
A practical person can read this book as an extended essay on how to approach an apprenticeship, and how to bind conservation texts.  A spiritual person can add layers to the stories and extrapolate life lessons.  Either way, the main character/author is extremely sympathetic character.  Her teacher had amazing gifts, both as a conservator and as a teacher.<br />The book is deceptively short.  Looks like a quick read, but was so meaty and detailed, I found myself reading it for several weeks in order to digest all the material carefully.<br />If your taste runs to the obscure, the &quot;sleeper,&quot; I hope you enjoy this book as much as I did.
Best, I think, for children, Jews by Choice, and non-Jews with questions.  It is written on a very basic level.  Wonderful reference source for when those occasional &quot;trivia question&quot; moments come up, and you simply &quot;have to know.&quot;
The only thing worth getting out of this book is this:  Men talk to impart information.  Women talk to express feelings.<br />If you got that, that's it.  The rest of the book is puerile psychobabble.
Ordered this in honor of my first grill.  Taught me the basics in simple and delicious fashion.  Most helpful are the charts on the inside covers.
I was saying these prayers in Hebrew by rote on Friday nights.  The English translations are so good, I've switched to English for the time being, reading the translations out of this little booklet.  I really love this one.
This book is one of the greatest epistolic volumes ever published.  I've reread it several times over the last couple of decades.  I had to buy it again because someone I loaned mine to never returned it -- which I'll take as a compliment!
One or two paragraphs each containing stats and awards.  I was expecting more fleshed out biographies, perhaps outlining any adversities these folks had to endure, Jewish or otherwise.  No or almost no personal information.
He is an apologist for becoming conservative, which I felt was unnecessary.<br />The book gets repetitive. You should choose to read either the first half or the second half, but don't bother with the whole thing. Well written otherwise.
If you've ever found the stories of your forebears to be boring, repetitive or unimportant, this book will lead to a great understanding of why there is a need to keep this period in history and this generation alive in our hearts.  We've all heard it said that these people were simpler people from a simpler time.  Read this book (and possibly the first one) and make that determination for yourself.
Has a wonderful command of language, subtle but so witty.  Following him on his life journey is interesting because he refuses to be terribly judgmental.  No incriminations/ recriminations.  Much love in his heart.
While I agree with other reviewers that Rabbi Donin is writing for men, I ignore that and just include myself and my fellow women/Jews.  Rabbi Donin may not be qualified to discuss Reform services since he is an Orthodox rabbi, which would account for the omission of the details of liberal services.  Other than that, I think he did an admirable job with a huge subject -- the basics of synagogue services, how and why.  I find his discussions both sensitive and thorough, although his attention to detail can sometimes detract from the flow of the book.
This is a wonderful history book.  It is well written, well documented,  and an excellent choice of material.  Good photos, too.  I highly recommend  this book if you enjoy:  Black history, women's history, Old West history,  and entertaining non-fiction.  Some day, I will read this again!
I find the style confusing.  Sometimes I can't tell if the section I am  reading is text or if it is a quote from someone in the past.  However, it  is full of interesting facts and lots of pictures.  I have a particular  fascination for Old West history, and this closes a gap in my material.
This book is helpful if you are already familiar with parts of the  synagogue service &quot;by ear&quot; and want to learn to read what you  have been repeating by rote.  As a new convert, I was unfamiliar with the  songs, etc., that I was supposed to be learning to read.  This book was not  helpful to me as a novice student of Hebrew.
You can either get this book by itself or with several cassette tapes.  Someone loaned it to me to begin my Hebrew studies, and I have to have my own copy now.  Small doses of the aleph bet, with special attention paid to  look-alikes and sound-alikes.
My favorite cookbook - the one I reach for first!  Great recipes, not much to clean up.  I never see a cookbook where I want to make all the recipes, but this one, I want to make about 90% at least!
This is the most valuable book I've ever read.  It gets to the soul of our society's thrust toward specialization instead of applying a Renaissance approach to the totality of our brains and spirits.  Art and science can  coexist peacefully and harmoniously if we let go and live them.
