Another angry reviewer slumming at Kirkus collecting rejection slips from the small circulation little magazines while booking guests at MSNBC as a day job. Nice capsule summation of western literature though. Molder in obscurity no-name. Or at the 100th annual proceedings of the Modern Language Association, whichever comes first...
This book is very informative about the decline of Western educational standards but doesn't say much about Japan's nationalist religion. What's with the british flag on the cover?
Sure to please americans in their expectations of what the contemporary Japanese are like. But its only [information] for a foreign market and it's diseased media. In fact the BOMBING of Pearl Harbor was a very festive commemoration. Deal with it.
The writer is great, his book is great. But the publisher of this edition is NOT great or even mediocre. W.W. Norton AKA New Directions is a trendy San Francisco based publisher that needs to cut back on their own morbid, introspective, over-edited, leftist interpretations. I'm not interested in the phobias and insecurities of such people. They need to relax and understand that whatever personal choices they make have little impact on the world at large. As opposed to the confined quarters of the coffee house or similar yuppie agora.
Why is the review submission link way down at the bottom for this book? Anyway, Cole has a mentality that's pre Hiroshima-Nagasaki. He interprets current geo-politics as if it were still 1941. Unlike the Japanese navy/air force which was an entirely indigenous affair with planes made by Mitsubishi and ships designed by Japanese engineers the Chinese military is based on Soviet plans. During the Sino_Japanese war Japan gained an easy victory over China for among other reasons China's inability to build a national military industry, using Russian made fighter planes, Russian firearms etc. And that's still the case only now they're using decrepit Soviet made submarines armed with nuclear warheads. A fact Cole seems utterly oblivious of. And a fact that renders his Von Clauswitz grand strategist posing ridiculous.
The fact that Entertainment Weekly a shiny pimp for corporate Hollywood product (itself produced by their owners AOL/TIME WARNER) is here wheezing protestations on the impurities introduced into America by this countries own creations is laughably hypocritical. Salon.com bills itself as a kink for upwardly mobile yuppies on their consumer profiles, hopefully luring advertisers with the scent of such rotten meat, their gossip columns staffed by NPR (Archer Daniels Midland, Voice of America) poetasters and speech writers for Bob Dole. The New York Times encourages the sleazy globalist imperatives of Thomas Friedman's Corporate Zionism. So the critical reception is revealing, and this book is harmless pabulum for self-conscious suburban liberals who think it's hip to be anti-Disney. None of these American clowns are concerned with the extinction of cultural diversity and the hegemonic one world mono-culture their own country is largely responsible for. I haven't read Hiasson's fiction and don't plan to either but I see his publisher is WARNER books. QED.
I'm glad not to be alone in seeing the Harry Potter books as only an empty marketing success and Zipes is acute when he comments on the banality of \\"Americanized\\" culture continued today by media giants like Disney. But Zipes is guilty of the same mamby pamby moralism that he criticizes in others, if you've read his Oxford Book of Fairy Tales you'll find that it's an unimaginative collection of innocuous speech codes and flaky feminist paranoia which is tedious and boring. Much of the \\"homogeneity\\" he complains about  in popular culture comes from the dictates of \\"least objectionable programming\\" which advertisers like and is not unlike the political correctness found in elite Western institutions, where Zipes hails from obviously. J.K. Rowlings caricatures are embarrassingly \\"diverse\\" as if from a from a sensitivity training pogram which good leftists like Zipes should respect after all. Zipes reiterates all the liberal platitudes which have become suburban marketing clichs. Although he doesn't exactly advocate body piercing or tattoos. Not yet anyway. In short it's difficult to see where Zipes complaints lie since corporate progressives are pretty much dictating his own taste.
Pulitzer prize winning author of Beyond the Valley of the Dolls, Roger Ebert won't be remembered much longer then his late cohort Gene Siskel when all that coagulated pasta around his midsection catches up with him. Franchise greedy distributors, who often have the same owners of the newspaper/TV. media who give critics their free tickets slather quotes from Ebert and his one liner reviews on their products as if they were apologizing for it. Least buyer resistance conscience studios find Ebert's politically correct social palliatives congenial to their profits.
Tolkien was an outsider. Chance mischaracterizes him as a soap box, Land of Hope and Glory, Rule Britannia jingoist. His basic artistic credo is found in Leaf by Niggle which expresses an artists disaffection with his society, England. Chance's agenda is reductive and banal, and in fact Tolkien explicitly repudiated this simplistic interpretation. Tolkien wrote fantasy literature not propaganda. He was an artist not a politician.
The under read writers in this anthology should be very grateful for Peter Jackson, the director of Bad Taste whose studio franchise benefits them. But Tolkien would have found little to admire here, consider Ursula Leguin a feminist academic bandied about in the political science department at U.C. Berkley and editor of The Oxford Book of Science Fiction, which is just a collection leftist propaganda. Tolkien who disliked newspapers and barely ever read them would have found the hyper contemporizing mis-readings here incomprehensible.
Pulitzer prize winning author of Beyond the Valley of the Dolls, Roger Ebert won't be remembered much longer then his late cohort Gene Siskel when all that coagulated pasta around his midsection catches up with him. Franchise greedy distributors, who often have the same owners of the newspaper/TV. media who give critics their free tickets slather quotes from Ebert and his one liner reviews on their products as if they were apologizing for it. Least buyer resistance conscience studios find Ebert's  politically correct social palliatives congenial to their profits.
It's a testimonial to how effective leftist indoctrination is in popular culture that this political hack S.T. Joshi who has authored such history books as From Thomas Jefferson to David Duke should apparently be the dominate current editor of H.P. Lovecraft's writings.<br /> Many of the books which Joshi has edited actually carries warnings of the quaint antique datedness of the contents to be read with the condescending superiority that an assumed left/liberal urban professorate can bestow on reactionary trifles.<br /> This dichotomy between an academic's doctrinaire loyalties and marketing results in Joshi's schizophrenic editing. A finicky apologetic mess.<br /> Joshi is symptomatic of the congealing imagination as the ivy league disgorges it's post-modern generation into publishing. Lovecraft and company deserve better.
While a masterpiece of twentieth century literature like The Reach by Stephen King can be shrugged off <BR>by the bilious sanctimonies of the ivy league café and their short term/confined influence, recent British migrants like Barker and Neal Gaiman (\\"one of the top post-modern authors\\") have shown a cynical aptitude in colonizing small but affluent markets \\"the business of horror\\" to quote Barker.<br /> So Even though he's a Hollywood millionaire who's not much read, despite his tacky writings and atrocious movies (Nightbreed, Lord of Illusions) progressives except him because he coddles their self-image.<br /> Barkers only contribution to the tradition of horror fiction has been to sicken it with a slippery self-consciousness outsourcing his flashy persona as the Jackie Collins like book cover here demonstrates.
Clive Barker is the Liberace of schlock. Along with the rest of the L.A. to Vegas, Tarantino rodent trail.
Like most of Amazon corps page layouts this one gives every symptom of being \\"designed\\" by a petty functionary in some brick faced academic institution who is resigned to being ignored for the rest of his/her life, even though he/she probably still wears a backpack and doesn't need to shave.<br /> This along with the ignorant (as usual) Booklist review replete with every nauseating yuppie cliché which an under-appreciated under-graduate can use to satisfy his/her assistant, associate, adjunct, egg-head in diapers community college prof reeks of the kind of effete over intellectualized banality typical of self-loathing PhD's proud of their yellowing diplomas.<br /> They're traumatized by all those Charles Atlas ad's with the scrawny geek having sand kicked in his curd face, with whom they identified. (Titter).
Ageing starry-eyed yuppies will eat this solipsistic-self infatuated sugar tart of a book right up as it's passed from sweaty palm to palm through all the precious literary boutiques frequented by urban liberal elites. The snob appeal is impressive; every faddish academic/critic will want one to maintain good social odor with their colleagues, dour men of letters who missed out on the Nobel Prize who specialize in the sexual anxieties of financial planners (zzzzz), and trendy California newspapers soliciting manuscripts for 30 something movie studio executives who crave \\"serious\\" recognition and full page advertising for Oscar nominations. Those who believe the life-style choices of arrogant prep school frat boys is anything but the posturing of conceited social climbers will enjoy this trashy melodrama. A contrived, pretentious bore of a novel.
Crain is a prissy snob and NYT regular who has written two books one of which is out of print. These volumes will find their place among the unread and unremembered exercises in effete yuppie lifestyle decoration. On the basis of this anemic CV he's found a cushy seat to warm at the Modern Library's group of collective garbage mentalities including esteemed plagiarists & Pulitzer phonies Doris Kearns Goodwin, Stephen Ambrose and the other wearisome profiles which blot the pages of The Atlantic Monthly, forefinger studiously poised beneath chin. Trash only of interest to sheltered Yale frat boys going through theyre mandatory Feminist/Homosexual postmodern semiotics discourse potty training.
Trendy revisionist garbage as to be expected from the Yale imprimature. This edition is strictly for collegial faculty club bores. Get the edition edited by Stefan Collini instead he's less interested in himself.
This book is one of the few resources available to western readers on pre-war and WW II era Japanese films, Japans greatest era of cinema according to Noel Burch (author; To the Distant Observer). Unfortunately the text is also clotted with a particularly repugnant variety of paternalistic American leftism.
This is one of many books claiming to be \\"based on hitherto unreleased Japanese documents\\" it purports to be told from the Japanese side which increases it's propaganda value but it's all so crudely done that only a U.S. Marine cadet and other mentally uncomplicated people could see it as anything but tiresome american chest beating.<br /> This book is just more sickly solipsism for the kind of grubby folks who hang around gun shows and keep fading foot-ball trophies on their mantelpiece.<br /> Just read the front cover flap and you can see how clichéd this garbage is.<BR> <BR> Incidentally the Japanese navy didn't somehow begin in 1941 it's just convenient for the double speak of Dull to begin there. Where's the Japanese defeat of Czarist Russia, or the absurdly biased quotas at the London & Washington naval conferences?
The original Japanese title of this book was simply Yamamoto Isoroku. I suppose renaming it The Reluctant Admiral with the implication that Isoroku was indecisive is comforting to american psychology. But otherwise it's the same book, and one of the few books I know about WW II Japan that isn't clichéd propaganda of either a rightist or leftist american persuasion.<br />Samurai! The biography of Saburo Sakai is also recommended although the ibook edition has an opinioned, and inaccurate forward by the new editor not Martin Caidin.
Unlike the more mature fantasies of C.S. Lewis's classic Narina books or King and Straub's Talisman which depict schools as deadening embodiments of progressive aridity Rowling show's them as portals to enchantment rather then as an evil to escape from, something which underscores her &quot;hero's&quot; essential preppy sensibility &amp; vapidity.
Unlike the more mature fantasies of C.S. Lewis's classic Narina books or King and Straub's Talisman which depict schools as deadening embodiments of progressive aridity Rowling show's them as portals to enchantment rather then as an evil to escape from, something which underscores her &quot;hero's&quot; essential preppy sensibility &amp; vapidity.
Another misguided and obnoxious effort from Datlow at &quot;transcending the genre&quot; if you dislike the genre so much go try and manipulate public taste at the Missouri review, Tikun or similar tennis court &amp; lifestyle emporium. The result here is nothing so much as a Harlequin romance bodice &amp; cod-piece sampler.
Pullman's books parallel the murky culturally drained environment of contemporary England whose assorted committees of public decency expurgate classic books because of &quot;insensitivity&quot;. Like Ursula K. Leguin his purpose is merely political emetic as New Age mumbo jumbo. The polar bear reminded me of the Coke commercials. Silly.
I certainly would have appreciated a portrait book of my favorite authors but this isn't it. Beahm's C.V. is as biographer of Michael Jordan. His &quot;dues&quot; consist in bleeding the genuine affection readers have for an author through amaturish, hackneyed Star Wars/Star Trek type marketing.
A sickly treacly addition to the political emetic that is modern fantasy. As subtle as the neon in Piccadilly circus. As gross as Ursula K Leguin's feminist tracks in never never land. However Pullman does compliment the drab landscape of progressive England &quot;like communist Romania with fast food joints&quot; as one one of Murdochs tabloids chirruped.
Unlike John Clutes laboring pseudo-academic gibberish designed to appease Harold Bloom and his cronies which keeps you flipping back to the glossary as his burdensome tome clefts large cavities in your thighs this book's approach is more practical. Albeit slightly biased toward English writers. John Clute is himself Australian, however Clutes faculty club post modern fashion statement is absent and that's good for anyone who finds such trendy accents precious, vain and fatuous. If you want that read Jacques Derrida or the minutes of the Modern Language Association, that is &quot;serious&quot; literature.
Dear reader from Albuquerque New Mexico. Your neither, your just a social climber who hasn't gotten anywhere. Like ray olson the Commissar from the (Fahrenheit 451)American Library Association. Although the illustrations are poor.
David Marshall Christian Fundamentalist and author of Jesus: True Son who teaches in an obscure Japanese college (the Asian equivalent of Jerry Fallwells Liberty university, or Bob Jones university) proffers a review that's a melange of mooniesm &amp; unitarian universalism. People don't read such authors as MacDonald or C.S. Lewis because of their religions but because they're good WRITERS. Such sloppy effete preaching evinces the most ignorant criticism possible, the critic reads his own inadequacies into the text. Embarrassing. Tolkien's &amp; Lewis's repeated admonitions NOT to read their books as allegories or parables is lost on such crude literalist's, and even Lewis's non-fiction is read because they're written by him not because of their subject. Unless you see a thematic continuity between Lewis and the authors of the Left Behind series you'll have to dismiss Marshall's ideological misreading. Poet W.H. Auden could hardly have admired these writers for such simplistic reasons. Lafcadio Hearn a fantasy writer of MacDonalds own time regarded Christianity with mostly contempt. Known as Koizumi Yakumo in Japan.
\\"During the last fifty years, Donald Richie has been our greatest guide to the East. An outsider turned insider-a beautiful and subtle writer with an eye for the wild life as well as an ear for the silences of Japan.\\"<BR>MICHAEL ONDAATJE<br />\\"Donald Richie is the Lafcadio Hearn of our time, a subtle, stylish, and deceptively lucid medium between two cultures that confuse one another: the Japanese and the American.\\"<BR>TOM WOLFE<br />\\"Richie is the only foreigner I know who can take [Japan] on its own terms, as few newcomers do, yet bring to it a freshness that almost every long-time resident has lost.\\"<BR>PICO IYER, THE TIMES HIGHER EDUCATION SUPPLEMENT<br />\\"This wonderful book can be read as a work in progress of almost fifty years. No writer about Japan matches Richie's breadth of knowledge, depth and variety of experience, and his love of the people he writes about. The book of a lifetime, which will last.\\"<BR>......P>[...]
Clive Barkers new book is touted by Quentin Tarantino on the backcover. There's a preface where he talks about his deal with Disney Corp and associated corporate publishing (often the same owners Touchstone publishing for example owned by Disney) he makes some vague remarks about commercialization but the fact that this will make writers increasingly beholden to movie studios and hack directors trained on T.V. commercials doesn't impress him much apparently. What follows fails to balance the ethical &amp; artistic flaws which the forgoing imply.
I learned that Pullman was inspired by David Lindsay so I thought I'd try the first book in this series. However after seeing the trumpeting cliches, vapid analogies, didactic moralizing and insipid political interpretations from every reprehensible source on earth from the Parents Choice to the NYT and Newsweek's invoking the loathsome Harry Potter I decided to skip it. Any book so systematically placating to such &quot;moral&quot; trend setters lacks subtlety and is worthless. There can be NO possible resemblance to Lindsay, Tolkien, or Lewis. The NYT reviewer is as obvious and crass as a barfly tapping green beer from NY's louder distilleries on St. Patties day. The visions imparted here are probably no less artificial. Also it's continuous feminist jabbing in the ribs is irritating.
The reviews below sound as if they were hastily typed by angry homosexuals in a pique that no one appreciates their framed college degrees.
It's hard to guess who the audience of this book could be. Lumping divergent authors between the same &quot;horror genre&quot; covers assumes a depressing blandness in taste, until you find where most of these pictures first appeared, in gossipy fanzines like Locus. Only such an audience would know Ellen Datlow for example as anything other then a competent editor, or want her picture. Gwinn is no Jill Krementz whose photography she is obviously mimicking, the only author both photographers have taken is Stephen King whose warmth Krementz captures eloquently in The Writers Desk, by contrast Gwinn's is oddly cold. This is not a good book, avoid it.
This book is destined to remain in the obscurity of a special collections back catalog in feminist gender studies of a small liberal arts college on the east coast. &quot;Most science fiction critics are intellectual dorks&quot; to quote Stephen King, which describes Seed succinctly. And John Clute as well.
I was looking forward to reading this book so I was very disappointed to find it congested with illegible terminology which the authors have invented for themselves which keeps you flipping back to the glossary, by the time you've finished doing that and going through the labyrinthine cross indexing you've forgotten what you were looking up. I don't know why the authors made this book so unwieldy, perhaps to appease frowning academics.
Find out what U.S. based traitors er traders are supporting in this book. Especially the entertainment &amp; media industries. Disney, MGM, besides Amazon.com. While building lucrative careers for entrepreneurs who relocate to the U.S.A. Like John Woo, Chow Yun Fat, and Jackie Chan.
The great novelist (Somewhere in Time, I am Legend etc), film scenarist and short story writer Richard Matheson's novelized account of his WW II experiences. A superior and more accessible book then Mailer's The Naked and the Dead or Vonnegut's Slaughter House Five. And less manipulatively portentous then a Spielberg violins &amp; tissue opus.
An appraisal of European culture from an old maid somewhere in Western Kentucky knits a ludicrously inappropriate Horatio Algerish review to satisfy her puritan work ethos, that went out of date with the blue collar culture of 50's America, Honeymooners, Flintstones etc. She could be Pat Buchanans speech writer.
It's regrettable the prissy conventionality of aging provincial college grad's cloak their animus at the indifference their met with in the arts as a book review.  The more cosmopolitan readers of Mr. King may be excused a certain malice at seeing such preening intellectualism isolated and effectless.
A greater disservice to this book is impossible then to solicit a dusty clerk from the american library association to mummify it. Their reviewer may be stirred from the torpor of academicism by moderating a high school debate or ladies reading club, I can't imagine this volume finding a place on the shelf of any such person.  He probably thinks Ted Nugent is cool.
More regurgitated destructive orthodoxy from the arid soul of an academic hack, it's all here every careerist leftist's cliche there is.  The arrogance of the previous reviewer could only come from a button down Yalie politically correct snob.
This edition is preferable to the gimmicky version published by Yale, where the original text is lost beneath the imposition of leftist ideologues.
The rating is for THIS edition of the book, feminist ideologue Elaine Showalter's genital revisionism blots the text everywhere. Nor is the theme concerned with the &quot;tension between social responsibility &amp; individual and artistic freedom&quot; except in the fevered dreams of academic collectivists obsessed with &quot;group identities&quot; who have instigated more cultural disintegration then anyone since the anarchist 60's by eroding all Individual Responsibility &amp; intellectual standards. Since acquiring a CEO from Disney the Penguin Classics once a distinguished series has become largely a pulpit for multiculturalists, feminists, post-colonial theorists and academic careerists brainwashed by Edward Said to &quot;re-frame&quot; &quot;de-construct&quot; and deface in the name of a politically reductive, emotionally vacuous jihad against Western Culture. Showalter's a scumbag.
Ignorant trash from a tabloid journalist. Not Out of Africa. by, historian Mary Leffkowitz remains the final word on the subject.
European imports Clive Barker &amp; Neil Gaiman have spoken of their dislike of Tolkien in print, Barker whose initial fame has worn thin over the years mistakes political correctness for depth (like his fellow &quot;special interest&quot; fantasist Ursula Le Guin) that his literary themes will soon parallel theme parks in Disney Land just confirms the superficial nature of much of his writing.  Gaiman billed as one of the top post-modern writers reveals the cut &amp; paste method of character development and his works are ideally suited for video game developers and Quentin Tarrantino.  Both are limited to the London rave scene and U.S. equivalents in their appeal.  And both lack the numinous &quot;extra literary&quot; qualities of Tolkien &amp; C.S. Lewis and their successors like Stephen R. Donaldson or even Stephen King.
European imports Clive Barker &amp; Neil Gaiman have spoken of their dislike of Tolkien in print, Barker whose initial fame has worn thin over the years mistakes political correctness for depth (like his fellow &quot;special interest&quot; fantasist Ursula Le Guin) that his literary themes will soon parallel theme parks in Disney Land just confirms the superficial nature of much of his writing.  Gaiman billed as one of the top post-modern writers reveals the cut &amp; paste method of character development and his works are ideally suited for video game developers and Quentin Tarrantino.  Both are limited to the London rave scene and U.S. equivalents in their appeal.  And both lack the numinous &quot;extra literary&quot; qualities of Tolkien &amp; C.S. Lewis and their successors like Stephen R. Donaldson or even Stephen King.
European imports Clive Barker &amp; Neil Gaiman have spoken of their dislike of Tolkien in print, Barker whose initial fame has worn thin over the years mistakes political correctness for depth (like his fellow &quot;special interest&quot; fantasist Ursula Le Guin) that his literary themes will soon parallel theme parks in Disney Land just confirms the superficial nature of much of his writing.  Gaiman billed as one of the top post-modern writers reveals the cut &amp; paste method of character development and his works are ideally suited for video game developers and Quentin Tarrantino.  Both are limited to the London rave scene and U.S. equivalents in their appeal.  And both lack the numinous &quot;extra literary&quot; qualities of Tolkien &amp; C.S. Lewis and their successors like Stephen R. Donaldson or even Stephen King.
I wish Stephen King would stop apologizing for his fiction. By specifying actual people as resembling characters in his books (Eric Harris, Dylan Klebold, Bryan Smith) he de-mythologizes his own fiction and it's universal applicability, reducing it to mere grubby current events.
Scott Mccloud is a corporate cosmetician for Time Warner Inc, Microsoft,  and The Wall Street Journal. No wonder this patsy's scribbles resemble  Dilbert more then anything else.
I found very little humor in this book like Martin Gardeners similar volumes which are better written (fads and fallacies in the name of science etc) it's amusing for about 20 pages or so then becomes bogged down in it's  assumption of papal infallibility. Scientists from Jeans to Eddington felt  that no scientific world view was complete without religion, philosophers  from William James to Colin Wilson recognized the necessity of keeping an  open mind regarding the paranormal, but Park with all the imagination of a  corporate proxy statement surveys all reality from the American Physical  Society and confidently pronounces the meaning of life, Wendy Kaminer does  something similar. It's interesting to speculate why there have been so  many tiresome volumes published on this subject, if it's all harmless junk  why bother? probably because the materialistic world view which they preach  is very amenable to corporate elite's. How do you mathematically define a  poem? or a Joycean epiphany? both of which are mystical experiences, Park  &amp; Kaminer have no answer, being blinded by Newton's Sleep.
Whatever could have compelled a good decent church going amerikan to read such a deliberate and calculated affront to everything he insipidly believes in. His erudition is very intimidating (ha ha). The Divine Marquis  would have found such oafish moral reflexivity amusing.
Datlow &amp; Windling's backpatting of personal acquaintances is the basis of their editorial choices, and adherence to political doctrine. Their &quot;years best&quot;  collection for 2000 includes Ursula Le Guin twice,  and this authors writing is little more then fanciful icing to make her  de-hydrated cause (feminism in this case) more palatable.
Yet another case of over-editing from the &quot;preeminent interpreter&quot;, S. T. Joshi to quote the sales staff at Penguin. In that case about 90% percent of this book is interpretation. If you want  Lovecraft look elsewhere.
Thomas Frank has been endowed with a talent for writing tortured prose which is uniquely inelegant, the Washington Post should really recruit him, he could be much more effective at crippling the language there. Instead he makes do with whatever scraps of intellect he possess to write articles in  obscure magazines one stumbles over occasionally in second hand bookstores,  and this wretchedness.  Thomas Frank is no more equipped to comment on the  Sixties then Michael Crichton would be on Bertrand Russel.
His friend Bertrand Russell was too!
Gregory MacNamee's average mind is very annoying, this book is about a precursor of PSYOPS the &quot;psychological operations&quot; of the U.S. military and Madison Avenue.  The Jesuits inquisition was using torture  instruments for similar purposes, cultural genocide.
The author has a genuinely junk mind. Trivial.
The core founders of the Baader Meinhoff group Andreas Baader, Ulrike Meinhof and Gudrun Ensslin {an equal number were women} were murdered in their prison cells by authorities of the wealthy  Federal Republic of  Germany and then framed as suicides. Astrid Proll was a minor activist who  served a jail sentence and then fled to England, she is not representative  of this movement and some of her comments are wrong, but the photographs of  these fallen young revolutionary's are intriguing.
Any book which can cause so much anguish among rightist economics students, and overdressed clowns like Simon Schama should at least be looked into.
Interesting that Time Warner books should retitle Culture Of Complaint's original Oxford subtitle &quot;The Fraying Of America&quot; to the more victimist &quot;The Ailing Heart&quot;  perhaps the nameless Kirkus  reviewer considers this less &quot;glitzy&quot; and less abrasive to  delicate PC hides, that small disenchanted section of academic has beens  who cling to worn political slogans as their only recourse {short of being  a reviewer at Kirkus} to facing their total failure at leading creative  &amp; independent lives.
A manifesto for lower level managers whose principle talent is sniffing out power and serving it. Old wine, new bottles.
If this were my fist intoduction to &quot;literature&quot; I would despise it forever. Where is Jack Kerouac?
A literary allusion in a Stephen King novel will do more to reinvigorate the classics, then Harold Blooms best efforts ever could.
What the Frank E. Browns and Booklist Inc.'s perceive as a must read {and those who comprehend their mumbling}is actually the mold slowly spreading over academic &quot;literary&quot; prescriptions. But nothing could save  this ponderous &amp; vain brick.
David Denby's need to validate his life as a movie reviewer results in this prescribed reading list which is not very different from the officially approved culture of say  Harold Bloom, the N.E.A. or Jessie  Helms. As a teacher's pet Denby try's to fuse radically different media to  bolster his reputation among urban liberal effectuaters who read the New  Yorker &amp; &quot;high end&quot; low life rags like Talk.
The most Overpriced compilation of outdated incoherent verbiage I've ever read, and the only redeeming quality of Blooms intro is it's brevity. I'm sure the other lesser writers in the Modern Writers series fair no better,  although Blooms critical facility is better suited there.
A unique genius like Crumb is ill suited to collaborative work, the Pekar series is not representative Crumb.
Rifkin is not very critical on the diminishing diversity of life on earth and it's imminent sterility thanks to the &quot;benefits&quot; of the cult of efficiency, which Business Week was quick to observe. The phenomenal  scientific ignorance of the unfortunate from Brooklyn below, is itself an  instance of Entropy as are the cases who found his review helpful, a sorry  decline from the elevated conscience's of the sixties &amp; early  seventies. Entropy {Boltzmann's Constant} always increases for a closed  system, like the Earth, misuse of technology simply expedites the erosion.  Deal with it.
Blum has no writing ability at all, since she has none her ideas are very poorly expressed on a subject which will only be of relevance to feminist fundamentalists and their allies seeking a biological basis for  restrictions on creative expression and individuality, whether pro-lifer  Naomi Wolf or corporate welfarist's at the New York Times seeking help in  the managerial hierarchy. Boring.
Lyon is a standard corporate photographer who cashes in on the chronic alcoholism, drug use, prostitution, gambling, and abject poverty of the indigenous population, on their &quot;sovereign&quot; as he puts it  reservations. He then boasts of this accomplishment as &quot;unique&quot;  to the u.s. I'm sure Lyon is in no danger of having his studio raided by  the FBI.
I suggest Ackerman peruse air photography documentation of the industrial clear cutting of old growth forests to see how well nature can &quot;take care of itself&quot; which Donna Seaman of Booklist approvingly quotes,  otherwise this book is only Ackerman's embarrassing self-gratification.
The &quot;dynamically expanding&quot; genocide which Amazon praises while gushing about the indigenous population of &quot;their&quot; country sets the tone for the New York Times &amp; Washington Post's cloying  emotionalism. Urban neo-liberals should stop reading their own mental  instability into this great text, and just merit it by how many copies it  has sold.
This book from Free Enterprise, gee I wonder what their agenda is? use's the same language that the violent hate group The Sahara Club use's, and who the FBI quotes in their press releases, to justify the terrorization  &amp; chemical torture of young activists. Amazon a company based in  Seattle which has it's own experience with pepper spray sadists would link  this filth with a noble title like Ecodefense. The efforts to reduce the  virginal beauty of the last wild forests to sand dunes, sani-cans, and  motorcycle trails is proceeding, the good guys are losing...
Wolf's religious conversion to the anti-choice cult winning citations from Priests for life among other seedy sources makes her a good candidate for sermonizing at a Promise Keeper rally. Wolf is a charlatan, whose moral  dictates are cheap and limited to mystics. The pulpy format of this  paperback compliments it's content.
Earth First! is explicitly not an &quot;organization&quot; as the Book News, Inc. Portland, Or. person says, it is a Movement. Nor was it ever discredited. Judi Bari's contribution to the Movement was extending it  beyond matters purely ecological, into women's rights &amp; pro-choice  activism for example.
In this book Gould takes another step in mixing science with his wonky social views, in this case arguing for a convergence of religious fundamentalism and evolutionary theory, which has not taken place and  cannot take place as argued by the much superior Richard Dawkins, Unweaving  the Rainbow, etc. Apparently Dr. Gould is also something of an apologist  for the industrial appropriation of the biosphere as well.
Bad writing contributes to the bulk of this volume. Some very bad, Bentley Little's attack of the killer pumpkins is typical.
The novels &amp; criticism of Martin Amis have as much viability as art as his screenplay for Saturn 3 with Farah Fawcett. If you really must know what the moments gossip is in Manhattan restaurants then I suggest you skip  Amis's laborious attempts at writing and skim through the tabloid Talk to  which he contributes. Though personally I find the glossy photos of  Gwinnith Paltrow more attractive.
All of the writing &amp; criticism of Martin Amis has as much credibility as his screenplay for the film  Saturn 3 with Farrah Fawcett, Kirk Douglas and Harvey Keitel. If you really must know what the moments gossip is in  Manhattan restaurants, skip Amis's laborious attempts at writing and skim  through the tabloid Talk to which he contributes. Though personally I think  the glossy photos of Gwinneth Paltrow are better.
All of the writing &amp; criticism of Martin Amis has as much credibility as his screenplay for the film  Saturn 3 with Farrah Fawcett, Kirk Douglas and Harvey Keitel. If you really must know what the moments gossip is in  Manhattan restaurants, skip Amis's laborious attempts at writing and skim  through the tabloid Talk to which he contributes. Though personally I think  the glossy photos of Gwinneth Paltrow are better. Amis adds to the humidity  in the title of his own book.
This is a very cheaply designed volume of paste and cardboard, most of the really good editions of &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; have gone out of print. Publishers today produce disposable junk, especially when there aren't many  readers in the U.S.A. the most illiterate country in the western world. The  Amazon reviewer is a liar which comes naturally from a corporation known  for graft, he also manages to compact political correctness while  dismissing these classic books as trivial at the same time.
It seems to me that Neil Gaiman is simply using writing as a stepping stone to his real interest which is movies and lunch at the Four Seasons in  Beverly Hills. Nauseating, especially after seeing Princess Monotony.
Stephen King consistently underestimates the power of his own writing, which probably accounts for his permissive attitude towards filmed  vandalizations (including his own) of his words. A camera cannot capture  metaphoric nuance, poetry cannot be &quot;adapted&quot; to a screen. I  never heard so many dumb questions from an interviewer than the ones from  Amazon. Carrie was published by Doubleday for a modest advance, however  after acclaim from in-house editors at Doubleday, Publishers Weekly, and  readers, and was successful in paperback THEN film studios came snooping.  Brian De Palma's previous oeuvre consisted of Phantom of the Paradise!  &amp; Hi Mom!even the minimal qualities the came through the film from its  source is what &quot;made&quot; De Plama, after which he degenerated again.  Good books resist being &quot;adapted&quot;, how many Hemingway adaptations  work? Stephen King is no less a writer.
More navel-gazing which impresses the effete cocktail party crowd. She should be posing in a terminal Gap Ad. This book has no narrative pulse.
One of the few modern novels that compares favorably with the great European classics, completely enriching. The blot from The New York Times Jack Miles with his idiot movie references &amp; perverted innuendoes is  disgusting, and showcases how shallow the urban American  &quot;literary&quot; effete are. Pearls before swine.
The Greek translator below is correct, you can't possibly compare Dobyns with Stephen King because King is a hugely superior writer! The New York Times cocktail party snob's comments were obviously stolen from Douglas  Winter's book on Stephen King, The Art of Darkness. Also I found the  characters very unappealing.
This book is not &quot;about&quot; the Vietnam war per se in any obvious or crude way, but the Sixties era. And it is the finest fictional book on this subject ever written.
This book is a gossip columnists conception of what literary biography is, and shows that Amazon amatuers should return to advertising or circuit boards.
Stephen King who on his worst day could write circles around Baker has accurately described this book as &quot;miserable&quot;. This is perverted yuppie recreational reading, and its length barely qualifies it as a novel  for anyone not afflicted  with attention deficit disorder. Mr. Baker has  opposed the computerization of libraries, which presumably means Amazon  too, for which he should be applauded, unfortunately his activism does not  make up for his inadequacies as a writer.
The only reason to buy this book is Stephen King's introduction which is greater than the combined total of the rest of the book. The story which he selected is good to.
The gushing Amazon reviewer must really possess a tawdry mind to appreciate this yuppie farrago, probably owns the entire Adrian Lyne video collection too. Ha!
A book for the NY effete cocktail party circuit of liberal arts beer bingers &amp; PC police. Amazon's advertising copy typists and technicians would market this sickly fodder as literature.
The self congratulatory simpering which The New York Timesspecializes in, neglects to mention the Tuskegee syphilis experimentson black Americans.
THIS is an author who writes &quot;literature&quot; according to Amazon's pre-publicity for Crichton's Timeline. Ha!
THIS is an author who writes &quot;literature&quot; according to Amazon's pre-publicity for Crichton's Timeline. Ha!
THIS is an author who writes &quot;literature&quot; according to Amazon's pre-publicity for Crichton's Timeline. Ha!
Amazon carefully screened &amp; censored any negative reviews of this wallow in victimist self pity and resentment. Yukio Mishima is immeasurably superior.
Any book is an instant classic to Amazon if it's publisher can pay sufficent graft to their reviewers, Gleick is probably in the pay of multinational's, his science is ill founded, he has no understanding of  thermodynamics.
With professional academics like Bloom festering in the ivory tower, it's no wonder that the American educational establishment is a bloody ruins.
With professional academics like Bloom festering in the ivory tower it's no wonder that the American educational establishment is a bloody ruins.
Unreadable Freudian clap trap. Avoid this book like the plague
The Joyce Carol Oates contribution is what's significant here, the beautifully composed novella Ruins of Contracoeur. Chilling.
Elizabeth Hand is only capitalizing on Anne Rice's hokey romanticism, which stank to begin with.
High School assignments have been more enjoyable. The translator will also be known by posterity as the translator of the authorized bio of Vaclav Havel {out of print}. ZZZZZZZZZZZZ.
This is the usual fare that critics at the New York Times discuss at trendy Manhattan restaurants, the kind of self pitying whining that distinguishes their &quot;leisure&quot; section for privileged urbanites,  opposite the &quot;news&quot; where blood thirsty articles condoning  American war crimes prevail.
The movie infatuated sub-literate &quot;reviews&quot; of this adaptation immediately turned me off, they can probably only ingest it in audio format. The Amazon no-name who misspelled HARLAN ELLISON's name didnt help,  he's a vastly better writer than roth, and the only reason I was going to  buy these tapes, guess not.
I was going to give this a five star recommendation until i read Yuri Rasovsky's review of his own &quot;adaptation&quot;, neglecting to mention the only WRITER {that i recognize} whom he should consider himself blessed  would deem it worthy to participate in, HARLAN ELLISON. Mr. Rasovsky you  will remain an adaptor.
J.A.A. Stockwin's blurb sounds like one of The New York Times adjectival laden editorial praise's of U.S. war crimes. If writers interpret a culture, Yukio Mishima, one of the major writers of post-war Japan &amp; of  the 20th century, could hardly be said to have embraced &quot;defeat&quot;.
Paul Auster is a pretentious failed scenarist who writes for Sight &amp; Sound and whose movies are an embarrassment, it's clear he regards the novel as a minor art form judging by his ability to write one. Like Normon  Mailer &amp; Gore Vidal and the other totems of the &quot;litry&quot;  establishment who lust after Hollywood recognition they only manage to  leave a bad smell behind.
Amazon's corporate christian bias is obvious and reeks of cultism, this Rupert Murdoch {700 club} publications well reception here underscores it. Or should I buy it because Alice Walker is black.
The Amazon article entitled &quot;kicking the horror habit&quot; by one Patty Cambell lists this garbage as an introduction to more &quot;serious&quot; literature. How foolish of us to think that Edgar Allan  Poe &amp; Bram Stoker &amp; Stephen King were not serious compared to this  womans choices, who has not the vaguest about what literature is or what it  does, joining the other dieticians, psychologists, and technicians who make  up Amazon's &quot;critics&quot;.<br />Patty Campbell is the young adult  columnist for Horn Book magazine and the editor of Twayne's Young Adult  Author Series and Scarecrow's Studies in YA Lit.
The slimy corporate maneuvering which produced this &quot;writer&quot; in publishing was as unwholesome as the one which produced that related creature in &quot;music&quot; Brittany Spears.
Martin Amis has found the ideal forum to compliment his writing in Tina Browns latest attempt to prove that she has all the literary acumen of a Beverly Hills hair dresser, Talk magazine. Lets just hope for the sake of  good writing that Suicide runs in Mr. Amis's family.
Carrie is one of King's best novels, a distillation of what was to come, but Simon Leake's ignorant remarks using movies as the standard to criticize literature is very common. If he were consistent Caligula would  be the canon to judge the academic bore's fave Gore Vidal.
Remember the &quot;major&quot; motion picture that Normon Mailer directed from his novel, well this great favorite of the East Coast Literary Establishment's cocktail party crowds other books will be as obscure as  that movie in a few years.
The Amazon article entitled &quot;kicking the horror habit&quot; by one Patty Cambell lists this garbage as an introduction to more &quot;serious&quot; literature. How foolish of us to think that Edgar Allan  Poe &amp; Bram Stoker &amp; Stephen King were not serious compared to this  womans choices.<br />Patty Campbell is the young adult columnist for Horn Book  magazine and the editor of Twayne's Young Adult Author Series and  Scarecrow's Studies in YA Lit.
The physics in this book belong in biblical times, all of it's claims are unsupported by any reliable data. Booklist shows that they are as Ignorant of science as they are of good writing.
Martin Amis has found the ideal forum to compliment his writing in Tina Browns latest attempt to prove that she has all the lterary acumen of a Beverly Hills hair dresser, Talk magazine. Lets just hope for the sake of  good writing that Suicide runs in Mr. Amis's family.
Martin Amis has found the ideal forum to compliment his writing in Tina Browns latest attempt to prove that she has all the literary acumen of a Beverly Hills hair dresser, Talk magazine. Lets just hope for the sake of  good writing that Suicide runs in Mr. Amis's family. JoJo March's too.
Martin Amis has found the ideal forum to compliment his writing in Tina Browns latest attempt to prove that she has all the literary acumen of a Beverly Hills hair dresser, Talk magazine. Lets just hope for the sake of  good writing that Suicide runs in Mr. Amis's family.
Martin Amis has found the ideal forum to compliment his writing in Tina Browns latest attempt to prove that she has all the literary acumen of a Beverly Hills hair dresser, Talk magazine. Lets just hope for the sake of  good writing that Suicide runs in Mr. Amis's family.
Only those who value the literary acumen of Beverly Hills hair colorists and the L.A. Times who solicit their opinions, will find anything of human insight or passion in this pile of redolent garbage.
The data compiled in this book can have no possible solution, recycling is never 100% &amp; the technology needed to make solar power viable for modern societies is inconceivable. But this is an excellent summary of the  physical degradation at the end of a millennium.
Simon &amp; Schuster focus groups have just discovered the MTV demographic, the same one that certain presidents tap for interns, and the result is non-books like this crap.
Tom Clancy should stick with playing with his Tec-9 in the basement of his mansion, instead of pretending that he can write.
Tom Clancy should stick with playing with his Tec-9 in the basement of his mansion, instead of pretending that he can write.
Tom Clancy should stick with playing with his Tec-9 in the basement of his mansion, instead of pretending that he can write.
Tom Clancy should stick with playing with his Tec-9 in the basement of his mansion, instead of pretending that he can write.
Tom Clancy should stick with playing with his Tec-9 in the basement of his mansion, instead of pretending that he can write.
Tom Clancy should stick to playing with his Tec-9 in the basement of his mansion, instead of pretending that he can write.
Tom Clancy should stick with playing with his Tec-9 in the basement of his mansion, instead of pretending that he can write.
Just another step towards were movie studios determine whichbooks stay in print &amp; which do not. The Dream Works logo is biggerthan the authors name.
The Nobility of Failure by Ivan Morris, now conveniently out of print, is an elegant rebuttal to most of Dowers beliefs, which seem to be based on the premise that Japans culture was reassuringly American after all.
This book like Schindlers List creates heroes which can be used to characterize the offical enemy as evil, much like a t.v. melodrama, while ignoring the complicity &amp; collaboration of Britain &amp; the U.S. in  the very crimes they chronicle, when it suits their colonial ambitions.  While Six Million Died. by, Arthur D. Morse a more substantive history,  describes Britain in a far less innocent manner, but apparently the  publisher could not afford Amazon's asking price for a prominent spot on  their home page.
Explain this sympathetic portrayal of the Chinese workers paradise to the people of Tibet, and the administration of medical experiments on human guniea pigs, ect.
I've always been a big admirer of Straub's writing since If You Could See Me Now, and the collaboration with King produced one of my favorite books The Talisman. NPR has given this book a rave review, perhaps his magnum  opus. This frank from cleveland person sounds like my english teacher, a  remarkably prissy man who should be composing cliff notes instead of  pretending that his limp imagination possesses the ability to appreciate  fine art.
Books like this are produced to sooth the inferiority complex of people who know their dealing with an illiterate medium that requires no thought, one which any imbecile E! entertainment viewer can experience. This volume  can only serve to further inflate the self importance of trendy  &quot;autuer&quot; directors &amp; celebrities.
Booklist must be a significant contibutor to Amazons payroll, to receive such a visible review by an otherwise onknown ray olson, although admittedly less of a no-name than frank from cleveland.
This audio format is ideal for amazon customers &amp; the lucas cult, who will have difficulty with even brooks prose, although packaged with corporate glitz it is as empty of significance as a booklist review.
Well frank from cleveland you are even more inglorious, renownless, overlooked, and neglected than the booklist reviewer. Stephen King's comments are insightful. This book is UNFORGETTABLE.
There are no errors in my grammer that I can see, Cleveland must be doing a brisk audio books business, Frank.
A blot on the english language. Stone's inadequacies explicated at length
The Onion will be a fine resource for film producers known for &quot;vacation&quot; sequels, which their sub-marginal reviewers in the a.v. section will appreciate. The audio version will be useful to the late  40's trying to keep up with MTV advertising banners at the website. The #20  bestseller just could turn out to be the DUMBEST thing this century.
Stephen King's description is effective &amp; accurate. If the Booklist reviewer believes that a novel that has depth &amp; complexity, and is to hard for him to understand, should be blue penciled than listen to abridged  audiobooks.
