I read this book many years ago so details are hazy.  <br />The book is the  memoir of a yanqui who migrated to southern tropical Mexico in the twenties after the Mexican Revolution of 1910 finally ended. He was seeking his fortune but this is not a soldier of fortune story of fighting and mayhem. Instead it is one of physical adventure and settling down with his neighbors. Much on local people and their culture. <br />Not highly significant but overall a pleasant read.
This book is a memoir of a yanqui who migrated to the southern fringe of Mexican settlement along the jungle border with Belize, which was still being settled in the 1950s.  <br />The book is charged with vivid descriptions of the methods of clearing land and tending the crops under the slash and burn agricultural system.  <br />Interesting details of the hard work needed to tend the corn and other crops, and the cultural macho relations of the settlers with each other and the daily life in an area where the writ of Mexican law did not extend far or comprehensively.  <br />Vivid descriptions are given of machete fighting, rivalries, and feuds.  <br />I have read it twice and have used it as a source for my own writings.
This is the English lsnguage dition of the  original work prepared by Mirouze. It is a collected set of features originally publihed in the French periodical Militaria by  Histoire et Collections. Each perodical issue contains one or more two page photo articles entitled Gros Plans. These articles are of a horizontal nature (i.e. illustrating everything an individual would carry and wear at a particular time and place). They have assemblages qorn by models and closeups of some individual items.  Although other reviewers have bemoaned the lack of coverage of Balkan, Colonial, and African troops of all empires, there are two problems with this criticism. First,the large format of the book would soon be unwieldy and second, the lack of contact with the West until the Iron Curtain came down has impeded  contributions from eastern bloc scholars to western publications.  I am impressed by the amount of new material now being published on Eastern Europe by Osprey (c.f.). One should expect much new material to appear in future issues of Militaria as well.   So one must  give praise for what is here, not what should be or could be. And hope that Bulgaria, Romania, Montenegro, Serbia, Turkey, and Austria Hungary will get their due eventually. A second volume should be produced sometime.
The Vanguard series is intended to give a brief introducton to various weapons systems used in the major wars of the 20th century. As such, they include color plates of various paint schemes on campaign, a sectional drawing of a representative vehicle, and plenty of B&amp;W photos in the text. All this is wrapped in an elementary text based on new research in newly opened archives and presented in an attractive format. Useful to war gamers, students, and model makers.
One of the most wide ranging knife magazines published in the last thirty years is Knife World, which combines user reports, book reviews, historical articles, and personal experiences. As the magazine is published in tabloid format on newsprint, it is difficult to store and over the years deteriorates. In any case, keeping the whole issue is not usually an option for most of the ads and remisniscences have no residual value to collectors or historians. Thus over the years there have been three selected &quot;Best of Volumes&quot; the last of which appeared in the eighties.<br />Military issue designs and personal knives carried by service personnel have always been a big collectible interest but until the nineties there was little available except the albums of drawings compiled by M.H. Cole, now deceased. These served and still serve as identification guides but the last one came out in the 70s and they are notorious for mistaken IDs and misattributions.<br />Though some special books have come out in recent years including the splendid photo studies of M.H. Silvey, John Bruning's OSS Weapons and the now almost unavailable work on Allied Fighting Knives by Buerlein, there has long been a need for more definitive work.<br />Well, this is not it but it will certainly prove useful to the collector of US blades, both utility pocket patterns and sheath knives. The subjects range from the ubiquitous GI General Purpose Pocket Knife which has been made in the millions through the many sheath knives issued by the Navy for aviators and deck hands to the almost unattainable micro variants of British commando daggers and fighting knives. There is lots more to do but this deserves a place on the shelf of every serious collector of US military patterns.<br />As to bayonets and other edged weapons (swords and sabres), those subjects have been covered in several highly comprehensive books  published in many countries in many languages and are not covered in this publication or indeed in Knife World itself. Edged weapons are to be found in such as the ersthwhile Fighting Knives and the currently issued Tactical Knives as well as in various gun and arms publications.n Knife World itself. Edged weapons are to be found in such as the ersthwhile Fighting Knives and the currently issued Tactical Knives as well as in various gun and arms publications.
This is the story of Hugh Koehler, scion of the St. Louis brewing family, and reputed illegitimate son of the crown prince of Austria. (Remember Mayerling.)<BR>He grew up in society, attended Harvard, and then the US Naval Academy. Upon graduation he served in China, then in the Great War commanded a subchaser group based in Ireland. <BR>He became noted for his incisive reporting and after the war, visited Germany, sat in on the peace conference, and then went via the Black Sea to Russia where he observed the fighting in South Russia during the Russian Civil War.<BR>This period was the highlight of his life. He died at a comparatively young age in his fifties as did his father and grandfather before him.<BR>Many of his reports on the situation in the Balkans read as if they were written ten years ago, not eighty, especially the conflict between Greeks and Turks.<BR>Well written and well worth the reading. Belongs on the same shelf as the books by the British agents who operated in Central Asia during the same period.
The Vanguard series is intended to give a brief introducton to various weapons systems used in the major wars of the 20th century. As such, they include color plates of various paint schemes on campaign, a sectional drawing of a representative vehicle, and plenty of B&amp;W photos in the text. All this is wrapped in an elementary text based on new research in newly opened archives and presented in an attractive format. Useful to war gamers, students, and model makers.
The Vanguard series is intended to give a brief introducton to various weapons systems used in the major wars of the 20th century. As such, they include color plates of various paint schemes on campaign, a sectional drawing of a representative vehicle, and plenty of B&amp;W photos in the text. All this is wrapped in an elementary text based on new research in newly opened archives and presented in an attractive format. Useful to war gamers, students, and model makers.
The Vanguard series is intended to give a brief introducton to various weapons systems used in the major wars of the 20th century. As such, they include color plates of various paint schemes on campaign, a sectional drawing of a representative vehicle, and plenty of B&amp;W photos in the text. All this is wrapped in an elementary text based on new research in newly opened archives and presented in an attractive format. Useful to war gamers, students, and model makers.
This is the trade edition of Elite No. 64 so this review will be identical to that.<BR>The famed British Commandos had their origins in the dark days of 1940 after the Army had been forced to evacuate at Dunkirk. Although the active campaigning continued in the Middle East and war broke out in the Far East in Dec 1941, those were peripheral campaigns and would never result in the defeat of Hitler's forces. The attack on the Soviet Union in 1941 led to a powerful ally but Stalin was always on the lookout for the main chance and there was always a possibility that he would make an armistice with Germany well into 1943.<BR>The Navy and the RAF could strike directly at Germany's far flung forces but the only one that could strike Germany itself was the RAF. <BR>The Army therefore under the direct orders of Churchill combed its ranks for men of initiative and daring and those of the foreign exiles in Britain. These units became known under various titles but eventually they settled on Commandos, a term taken from the valorous opponents of the Boer War, whose mounted raiders wreaked such havoc on the railbound British attackers in 1900.<BR>For the first two years, raids were conducted from the sea on islands in the North Sea, the French Coast, and in the Middle East. After the turn of the tide of war, the Commandos acquired much more heavy armament and became what is termed light infantry serving on the flanks of the forces landing in Normandy. <BR>There has always been much controversy within the armies of the world objecting to elite forces on the grounds that they take the best men and leave the plodders to trudge on. Of course, this is mostly specious because in all cases that I know of special troops amounted to very few in a mass army. But it has hindered US Special Forces and Rangers over the years.<BR>In the case of the British Army Commandos this led to their disbandment after WWII. Today the Special Air Service carries out these specialized raiding tasks while there are still Commando units in the Royal Marines.<BR>This work shows the usual fine work of this author and illustrator. Everything he has ever done has been of quality.
The question is not what is not in this book but what is. One must judge by what is intended not what might be expected of a thorough footnoted academic work or a popular history of great length. This entire series is aimed at the casual reader, the sort who reads Military History Quarterly, WWII Journal, Naval History, to name a few. In most cases, reading MHQ, my eye is caught, the narrative is compelling and I find myself reading about the Middle Ages or some border raiders in the Balkans, none of which I would make a trip to the library for or even make a web search.<BR>These campaign series are most useful for their graphics and illustrations, many of which in this one are contemporary photos. Many have orders of battle listings and charts which are of most interest to war gamers. It is my opinion that this series is marketed to them and to the general reader who wants more detail than appears in the general histories covering an entire war. This serves that purpose admirably. <br />One could also read the volume on the Boxer Rebellion in the Men At Arms series. (see review.)
No disrespect to the author who has contributed much to the study of military history but this book is a good example of how time catches up with one. See my reviews of the new indepth five volume set on the German Army. <BR>With a few exceptions all of the volumes numbered under one hundred in this series on modern twentieth century forces have become outdated. The publisher's original emphasis on stuffing a broad scope of basic information in a standard format for the benefit of wargamers and military miniature makers has now changed to studies of particular campaigns and finite periods of selected unit activities and dress  for study in the detailed depth they deserve. This volume is just too simplistic to be of much use to the general reader and very little to the specialist almost twenty years on.
This is one of the few early volumes in this series that still has some usefulness. It is as comprehensive as the knowledge of the times allowed in the 70s and was written by a veteran of the war. It does not attempt too much coverage and thus still stands.Osprey has let many of the early titles aimed at the military miniature market stock deplete and go out of print. Deservably so. <BR>This one has been recently made available again in a facsimile edition. Although some twenty plus years old it is still useful. <BR>According to the other listings on this site a whole new edition is coming out covering the period from the conquest of Manchuria to 1945. As the original author was a mature man and a serving soldier in the war, if he is not deceased he is certainly retired by now.
ARmy Commandos published 2001, is the trade edition of Elite No. 64 so this review is identical to that.<BR>The famed British Commandos had their origins in the dark days of 1940 after the Army had been forced to evacuate at Dunkirk. Although the active campaigning continued in the Middle East and war broke out in the Far East in Dec 1941, those were peripheral campaigns and would never result in the defeat of Hitler's forces. The attack on the Soviet Union in 1941 led to a powerful ally but Stalin was always on the lookout for the main chance and there was always a possibility that he would make an armistice with Germany well into 1943.<BR>The Navy and the RAF could strike directly at Germany's far flung forces but the only one that could strike Germany itself was the RAF. <BR>The Army therefore under the direct orders of Churchill combed its ranks  and those of the foreign exiles in Britain for men of initiative and daring. These units were first known under various titles but eventually they settled on Commandos, a term taken from the valorous opponents of the Boer War, whose mounted raiders wreaked such havoc on the railbound British attackers in 1900.<BR>For the first two years, raids were conducted from the sea on islands in the North Sea, Norway, the French Coast, and in the Middle East. After the turn of the tide of war, the Commandos acquired much more heavy armament and became what is termed light infantry serving on the flanks of the forces landing in Normandy. <BR>There has always been much controversy within the armies of the world objecting to elite forces on the grounds that they take the best men and leave the plodders to trudge on. Of course, this is mostly specious because in all cases that I know of special troops amounted to very few in a mass army. But it has hindered US Special Forces and Rangers over the years.<BR>In the case of the British Army Commandos this led to their disbandment after WWII. Today the Special Air Service carries out thesespecialized raiding tasks while there are still Commando units in the Royal Marines.<BR>This work shows the usual fine work of this author and illustrator. Everything he has ever done has been of quality.
This of course, is far from a comprehensive work on the period. Its major emphasis is on the soldier's life and clothing and equipment while serving in combat, mainly on the Western Front but does cover the Balkans operations. The colonial forces except as they were used in France are ignored.<BR>That said, this should satisfy the general reader mainly curious about the Great War. <BR>Before the Great War of 1914, the French Army had yet to reform itself after the defeat of the Franco Prussian War. Though they had some excellent weaponry including the splendid French 75mm field gun, and the Hotchkiss heavy machine gun M1914, they lacked heavy guns and most of all, a modern appreciation that the outmoded doctrine of \\"l'audace\\" and always attack would win through. They seem to have completely ignored the lessons of the Russo-Japanese War of 1904 which proved that the only way for infantry to survive cannon fire and machine guns was to go to ground especially when attacking dug in and barbed wire protected opponents. To compound all this, for political reasons, the Army had been unable to develop a new less visible field uniform and began the war wearing great coats of blue with red trousers; this of course, highly pleased the German machine gunners. By the end of 1915, they had adopted a horizon blue uniform and a steel helmet of rather complex construction with poor ballistic properties. Based on a French fire brigade helmet it at least was dashing. :-) (For some reason, the Paris Fire Brigade was then actually part of the Army.)<BR>This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets and volumes covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>This should be read along with the volumes on the Foreign Legion 1914-1945. (see my review.) If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this is for you.
The author has had a long and distinguished career in popular military history for over twenty five years.<BR>Originally raised in the nineteenth century for pacifying the inhabitants of then Algeria, the so-called \\"romance\\" of the Foreign Legion has long fascinated the general reader around the world.The reality was much different. Not Beau Geste at all. Before the Great War of 1914, the Legion was composed of long service men most of whom had no other home. Their loyalty was pledged to the Legion not to France, thus they did not forsake their own nationalities. It was a hard and dangerous life but not without its satisfactions to the many hard men who joined it.<BR>When the war broke out in 1914, nationals of many nations not directly involved rushed to enlist in the service of France. The political decision was made to enroll these men in the Legion, not in the French Army. This led to clashes of view between the idealistic new comers and the hard-bitten \\"old sweats\\". But this was finally smoothed out and the Legion earned its laurels. One unit was decorated so many times that it wore a double fouraguerre (a braided cord worn on the shoulder as an award of unit valor akin to an individual's award of the Croix de Guerre.) and they were told that if they continued to excell in bravery, the Army would continue to invent new insignia for them.<BR>This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy inexpensive format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets and volumes covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>This should be read along with the volumes on the French Army of the same period.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets and volumes covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>This should be read along with the volume on the French Foreign Legion.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
I first read this book in 1961 when it was published by Signet in a mass market edition when I was at university. I have found it so valuable that it is still in my collection.<BR>As a long time \\"grunt\\" historian of the life and times of the common soldier I have had occasion to refer to this time and again for details of clothing and equipment. Post was an illustrator for a New York paper and went to war carrying his sketchbook as a member of a New York National Guard unit still equipped with Indian War vintage single shot \\"trapdoor\\" Springfield rifles firing black powder whose smoke revealed their firing positions to the Spaniards concealed with smokeless firing Mauser rifles.<BR>A less grim story is that the box knapsacks carried by the troops were admirably suited to carry bottles of whiskey in the blanket rolls and demijohns in the compartments along with a pair of spare socks and some toiletries.<BR>Seldom was an amphibious campaign more mismanaged or carried out but this is not the place for that discussion.<BR>This war was the last gasp of that primitive nineteenth century organization dominated by the technical bureaus and in which the Commanding General of the Army commanded only his own personal retainers in peace time. The main result of this war was the establishment of a proper general staff for planning and training on the European model.<BR>The commentator, Graham A. Cosmas, is a long time specialist in the history of the Indian fighting army.
This is a collection of  case studies and essays on the uses of deception. It consists of papers from a series of international conferences held at Carlisle, Pa. Like all works monitored or written by this compiler, a professor at the Army War College, it is thoroughly researched and full of sound judgements prepared by many of the leading scholars of twentieth century intelligence history. Frank Cass, the publisher is noted for quality studies produced for the specialist and scholar. The volume was originally a special issue of the journal Intelligence and National Security. It is intended as part of a series of thematic texts.<br />Belongs on the shelf of every serious researcher of the uses of intelligence.
Micheal I. Handel, a professor at the Army War College, has compiled and edited this collection of  case studies and essays on the use of intelligence by national leaders. It consists of papers from a series of international conferences held at Carlisle, Pa. Like all works monitored or written by Handel, it is thoroughly researched and full of sound judgements prepared by many of the leading scholars of intelligence history. Frank Cass, the publisher is noted for quality studies produced for the specialist and scholar. The volume was originally a special issue of the journal Intelligence and National Security. It is intended as part of a series of thematic texts.<BR>Belongs on the shelf of every serious researcher of the uses of intelligence.
This is a collection of  case studies and essays on the use of intelligence by field commanders. It consists of papers from a series of international conferences held at Carlisle, Pa, from 1985 to 1988. Like all works monitored or written by this compiler, a professor at the Army War College, it is thoroughly researched and full of sound judgements prepared by many of the leading scholars of twentieth intelligence history. Frank Cass, the publisher is noted for quality studies produced for the specialist and scholar. The volume was originally a special issue of the journal Intelligence and National Security. It is intended as part of a series of thematic texts.<br />Belongs on the shelf of every serious researcher of the uses of intelligence.
This is a collection of  case studies and essays on the uses of intelligence. It consists of papers from a series of international conferences held at Carlisle, Pa. Like all works monitored or written by this compiler, a professor at the Army War College, it is thoroughly researched and full of sound judgements prepared by many of the leading scholars of twentieth intelligence history. Frank Cass, the publisher is noted for quality studies produced for the specialist and scholar. The volume was originally a special issue of the journal Intelligence and National Security. It is intended as part of a series of thematic texts.<BR>Belongs on the shelf of every serious researcher of the uses of intelligence.
This is an unclassified version of a study originally done by OSS psychologists on the selection of personnel suitable for clandestine operations. This means those in which the individual is inserted into enemy territory and then left alone to live under deep cover, always living in a state of stress and tension. <BR>Compare this with covert operations in which groups of individuals are inserted for the purpose of operational support to indigenous forces or for independent raids and sabotage. On covert ops there is usually a safe zone where some can relax and unwind while others watch and the individual is not only armed but often uniformed as well. Wearing a uniform does not protect one from summary execution as a spy if captured but it does gives a valid claim to POW status and one can hope it will be granted.<BR>Thus, it takes a very special mental state to operate alone and to expect nothing but torture and death if captured. And hope that execution will be swift. Few can stand the tension that results from being alone in a hostile environment.
For those with curiosity about all the factions involved this book will be  helpful.  The author states that the detail on the Arabic forces is lacking. The events covered here in the two volumes The Israeli Army in the Middle East Wars, 1948-1973, and Arab Armies in the Middle East Wars, 1948-1973. Subsequent events are covered in the volume Armies in Lebanon, 1982-84.<BR>The rivalry between Israel and the surrounding Arab nations goes back before WW II with the 1917 Balfour Declaration that a homeland for the Jews would be established in Palestine. This was done in the wake of the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire without consulting the Arabic peoples of Palestine.<BR>After much unrest in the 1930s matters came to a head in 1948 after the British left and Israel was proclaimed, the surrounding Arabic states invaded Palestine. The resulting war caused many of the Palestinian Arabs to flee the conflict. The resulting de facto partition resulting from the Israeli victory led to four more major ground wars and ongoing border raids and terrorism.<BR>Their return was not to be allowed, even more tragically, they were kept in refugee camps and not allowed to disperse or assimilate in the rest of the Arab world in a manner similar to that done by the displaced persons who fled Eastern Europe in 1945. Now, several generations on, the desires of the Palestinians to return, destroy the state of Israel, and reclaim the land of their origin, have festered for so long that no rational solution seems in sight. At various times the Israeli's neighbors have backed or opposed or expelled the Palestinian forces in response to their own internal political imperatives. Thus, the Egyptians have signed a peace with Israel, while the rest have not. Syrians, Saudis, and others have continued to offer them refuge and aid while the Kingdom of Jordan expelled them all in &quot;Black September&quot; 1970, an event which led to the raid on the Olympic delegation in 1972.<BR>No matter what sideyour sympathy lies, hope of peace is still remote, and all concerned victims of this conflict deserve the prayers and good wishes of the world.<BR>The color plates are of the usual high quality and cover<BR>the Israeli, Lebanese, Jordanian, Egyptian and other local forces.
For those with curiosity about all the factions involved this book will be  helpful.  The author states that the detail on the Arabic forces is lacking. The events are covered here in the two volumes The Israeli Army in the Middle East Wars, 1948-1973, and Arab Armies in the Middle East Wars, 1948-1973. Subsequent events are covered in the volume Armies in Lebanon, 1982-84.<BR>The rivalry between Israel and the surrounding Arab nations goes back before WW II with the 1917 Balfour Declaration that a homeland for the Jews would be established in Palestine. This was done in the wake of the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire without consulting the Arabic peoples of Palestine.<BR>After much unrest in the 1930s matters came to a head in 1948 after the British left and Israel was proclaimed, the surrounding Arabic states invaded Palestine. The resulting war caused many of the Palestinian Arabs to flee the conflict. The resulting de facto partition resulting from the Israeli victory led to four more major ground wars and ongoing border raids and terrorism.<BR>Their return was not to be allowed, even more tragically, they were kept in refugee camps and not allowed to disperse or assimilate in the rest of the Arab world in a manner similar to that done by the displaced persons who fled Eastern Europe in 1945. Now, several generations on, the desires of the Palestinians to return, destroy the state of Israel, and reclaim the land of their origin, have festered for so long that no rational solution seems in sight. At various times the Israeli's neighbors have backed or opposed or expelled the Palestinian forces in response to their own internal political imperatives. Thus, the Egyptians have signed a peace with Israel, while the rest have not. Syrians, Saudis, and others have continued to offer them refuge and aid while the Kingdom of Jordan expelled them all in &quot;Black September&quot; 1970, an event which led to the raid on the Olympic delegation in 1972.<BR>No matter whatside your sympathy lies, hope of peace is still remote, and all concerned victims of this conflict deserve the prayers and good wishes of the world.<BR>The color plates are of the usual high quality and cover<BR>the Lebanese, Jordanian, Egyptian and other local forces.
No need to repeat what is covered below. Christopher Felix is the pseudonym of James McCargar who was a field agent in the late 40s. He was still active in the community when this book was originally published way back when. Then it was one of the few reality based accounts by an American about the postwar era when the Red juggernaut was slowly rolling up eastern Europe.<BR>I still find it of interest and it proves how little tradecraft has changed, just the tools that are used.
For those with curiosity about all the factions involved this book will be  helpful. This book details the complex factional civil war in Lebanon, the Palestinian occupation of the south, the Israeli invasion, and the foreign intervention attempt to make peace. The events covered here follow on from those covered in the two earlier volumes The Israeli Army in the Middle East Wars, 1948-1973, and Arab Armies in the Middle East Wars, 1948-1973.<BR>The rivalry between Israel and the surrounding Arab nations goes back before WW II with the 1917 Balfour Declaration that a homeland for the Jews would be established in Palestine. This was done in the wake of the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire without consulting the Arabic peoples of Palestine.<BR>After much unrest in the 1930s matters came to a head in 1948 after the British left and Israel was proclaimed, the surrounding Arabic states invaded Palestine. The resulting war caused many of the Palestinian Arabs to flee the conflict. The resulting de facto partition resulting from the Israeli victory led to four more major ground wars and ongoing border raids and terrorism.<BR>But their return was not to be allowed but even more tragically, they were kept in refugee camps and not allowed to disperse or assimilate in the rest of the Arab world in a manner similar to that done by the displaced persons who fled Eastern Europe in 1945. Now, several generations on, the desires of the Palestinians to return, destroy the state of Israel, and reclaim the land of their origin, have festered for so long that no rational solution seems in sight. At various times the Israeli's neighbors have backed or opposed or expelled the Palestinian forces in response to their own internal political imperatives. Thus, the Egyptians have signed a peace with Israel, while the rest have not. Syrians, Saudis, and others have continued to offer them refuge and aid while the Kingdom of Jordan expelled them all in &quot;Black September&quot; 1970, an event which led to the raid on the Olympic delegation in 1972.<BR>No matter on what side your sympathy lies, hope of peace is still remote, and all concerned victims of this conflict deserve the prayers and good wishes of the world.<BR>The color plates are of the usual high quality and, along with the Israeli, Lebanese, and other local forces, cover the French, Italian, and US Marines sent to seperate the warring factors along the Green Line in Beirut.
Having followed the activities of the Foreign Legion ground troop for many years in the press and especially during my working years concerned with Africa I am very familiar with these men and their activities. <BR>This book briefly covers the First Vietnam War, the Algerian War, and the various interventions and campaigns in Africa and even covers Bosnia and the UN forces there.<BR>Because for political reasons, the French conscripts could not be used to fight in foreign lands and today the use of the Legion as a highly trained Force d'Intervention requires highly trained long service volunteers, the Legion has always been stretched thin.<BR>This book details the many different service and field orders of clothing from the days when they were equipped with surplus British and U.S. clothing and equipment, through the gradual introduction of French national clothing patterns and the use of French, U.S. and British small arms well into the fifties.<BR>There was no standard order of clothing and equipment in the first twenty some years after the war but what was worn and used depended on where you were.<BR>This should be read along with the volume on the Foreign Legion paras and those on the metropolitan army of France as well as the volume on the Algerian War.
For those with curiosity about all the factions involved this book will be  helpful.  The author states that detail on the Arabic forces is lacking. The events are covered in the two volumes The Israeli Army in the Middle East Wars, 1948-1973, and Arab Armies in the Middle East Wars, 1948-1973. Subsequent events are covered in the volume Armies in Lebanon, 1982-84.<BR>The rivalry between Israel and the surrounding Arab nations goes back before WW II with the 1917 Balfour Declaration that a homeland for the Jews would be established in Palestine. This was done in the wake of the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire without consulting the Arabic peoples of Palestine.<BR>After much unrest in the 1930s matters came to a head in 1948 after the British left and Israel was proclaimed, the surrounding Arabic states invaded Palestine. The resulting war caused many of the Palestinian Arabs to flee the conflict. The de facto partition resulting from the Israeli victory led to four more major ground wars and ongoing border raids and terrorism.<BR>Their return was not to be allowed, even more tragically, they were kept in refugee camps and not allowed to disperse or assimilate in the rest of the Arab world in a manner similar to that done by the displaced persons who fled Eastern Europe in 1945. Now, several generations on, the desires of the Palestinians to return, destroy the state of Israel, and reclaim the land of their origin, have festered for so long that no rational solution seems in sight. At various times the Israeli's neighbors have backed or opposed or expelled the Palestinian forces in response to their own internal political imperatives. Thus, the Egyptians have signed a peace with Israel, while the rest have not. Syrians, Saudis, and others have continued to offer them refuge and aid while the Kingdom of Jordan expelled them all in &quot;Black September&quot; 1970, an event which led to the raid on the Olympic delegation in 1972.<BR>No matter what side your sympathylies, hope of peace is still remote, and all concerned victims of this conflict deserve the prayers and good wishes of the world.<BR>The color plates are of the usual high quality covering service and field dress of the men and women of the Israeli forces.
There are two major triumphs covered in this volume. One for each side. Fortunately the NATO side won but it would have been a close thing indeed if the ball had dropped during the seventies and eighties when the war plans of the north central forces were being leaked to the Soviets almost as they were being written. <BR>Too many of the previous reviewers have treated this book as a reality based version of the usual spy fiction. Well, keep in mind, that no matter how sexy the fictioneers have it this is not James Bond. As open as he was, he would have been knocked off years ago. If you saw &quot;Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy&quot;, the TV series, you came away with a much better sense of the numbing boredom and tediousness of much of the CI and spy's tradecraft. I refer you to a classic of the reality genre, McCargar's Short Course in the Secret War (cf) and the more recent book by Ib Melchior (cf)<BR>The amount of time it took to find the penetrators and then to build a case so that they could be punished is just one of the difficulties detailed herein. The other and most difficult side of the coin is, how do you find out what was copied in the first place? In the West, we did not have the constant paranoia caused by the KGB in the East and the effectiveness of a closed society such as was the DDR in keeping tabs on its citizens.<BR>Sure, at the first hint of a leak you could shut down and get rid of everyone who might have done it, but that is doubly counter productive, as as is so often shown on the TV series Law and Order, the first suspect is often not the one at all, and the real one will go to ground. The second is that those who are left will become so paranoid that they will not be able to keep their eyes on their desks from looking over their shoulders so much.<BR>Finally, this puts the lie to certain events in the intelligence community some years back when the entire HUMINT apparatus was almost fatally disrupted by belief in IMINT and SIGINT to keep track of things. Well, first things first, if the object cannot be seen such as a document or is never spoken of in a communication, then technical means are useless. All these cases herein depended on timeless face to face interaction between spy and case officer.<BR>We have seen this again today in that we have no persons who can go into deep cover and infiltrate the other side. And few who can even interrogate fluently in the languages of the Middle East. The DEA and the FBI and Treasury agents have proven time and time again that infiltration is necessary to solve major crimes. How much more important is it when national existence is at stake.
Just by virtue of its being published by Praeger ...this book will never become as popular as some very much less deserving sensationalist accounts published concerning events which occurred during his service. <BR>Breckinridge was a university graduate and lawyer in Lexington, Ky, the state capitol but an economic backwater whose main industry was then the University of Kentucky. The author was a member of the educated local upper middle class not the landed gentry, and like my father and I in turn had to earn a living, not live off investment income. After service in WWII in the Navy, he came back to enter law practice with his brother. After becoming briefly involved in local county politics, a cousin mentioned he might like the CIA and he ended up signing on in 1953. <BR>He was not one of the founding fathers of the CIA who had stayed on in intelligence just after the war, but was of their generation. Rising steadily he spent his last 15 years in the Inspector General's Office. His stories of having to cope with young whippersnapper staff personnel of the House Select Committee are amusing but serve to emphasize his recurring major point that no matter how thoroughly an outsider does his research, the final word as to what happened can only come from an insider. Once the facts are established, then one's opinion based on them can be expressed legitimately.<BR>For there was much truth in the hoohah in the wake of the revelations of the 70s  which led to reforms; the CIA is still operating today with permanent Congressional oversight committees. No matter what was said then about a \\"rogue elephant\\" the CIA was always following orders in its covert activities, but plausible deniablity had to be observed.<BR>What is overlooked in most exposes or even friendly accounts of the CIA is many of their successes. For many reasons including not wishing to embarass allies, revealing \\"sources and methods\\" which can be used again if not compromised, and exposing individuals who were under deep cover and who might be endangered if compromised, the agency simply cannot reveal its triumphs in real time as its failures have become known.<BR>The major triumphs of the Cold War have now been long known, the reconnaissance aircraft and satellite systems, the bugging of Soviet facilities in Berlin, the Glomar recovery (unfortunately revealed before it could be fully exploited by irresponsible journalists) and Penskovski's and the Polish Colonel's revelations of inner deliberations which averted war.<BR>It is also little appreciated by the public that most of the so called analytic failures were really due to the policy makers' failures to believe or to act upon that analysis. Since most effort of analysts is simply keeping up with events, and maintaining data bases, the value of such basic intelligence is probably the most useful in the system. <BR>The author goes on to comment from his perspective on the events during the eighties and the end of the Cold War. Here his non access to current intelligence is not necessary disqualifying in light of his long experience on the inside. <BR>It is unfortunate that no trade or academic publisher took up this work; marketing it through the limited press runs of Praeger who distribute only to university and major research libraries will keep it from many who might profit by reading it. <BR>The author's text \\"The CIA and the Intelligence Community\\", written when he was teaching at Kentucky after he retired is still useful also.
THe author has written many works on naval operations and life at sea from the time of Raleigh to the modern day. In addition he has written almost as much fiction.<BR>This book focuses on the use of the ULTRA intercepts in winning the sea campaigns against the Kriegsmarine in WW II.<BR>There is much published, good, bad, and otherwise on the code breakers and activities of the US and Britain in WW II, there is little on how the intel was actually used. <BR>Codebreaking and decryption in wartime is simply an intellectual game unless the results are combined with all available intelligence and gotten to the field forces in good time for use in combat operations. And the same is applicable to peacetime but there is often the luxury of time to ponder. Not so, the cat must pounce or the prey will flee.<BR>Thus, this book is quite interesting as it focuses not on the war effort as a whole. A compartively slender tome it covers the subject and analyzes the use and then the author concludes. <br />Using SIGINT is always difficult because, first, the special security needed to keep the secret. This was not so much a problem with naval ops because the decrypts went to the Admiralty by courier and landlines. Field headquarters ground  and air staff personnel were not all indoctrinated and those who were, were forbidden to go in harm's way for fear of capture and compromise. An indoctrinated USAAF officer went on a mission over Germany against orders, but managed to conceal his knowledge from his captors.<BR>Second difficulty is the need to make cover for use so that the blame for the defeat can be placed on any source other than SIGINT. Thus, aircraft were often sent out to spoof the convoys from Italy to North Africa and deliberate deception leaks were made to point the finger at actual spies in the ports of departure.<BR>Deserves a place on the shelf of every student of operational use of intelligence.
I have never seen an American edition of this work originally published by McClelland &amp; Stewart, the noted Canadian Publisher.<BR>This book details the Canadian WW II research effort in chemical and biological warfare. The author interviewed surviving participants, and thoroughly mined the Canadian and US National Archives and the British Public Records Office. Bryden is a noted researcher on the Canadian scientific war effort and has published a work on Canadian WW II SIGINT, Best Kept Secret (c.f.)<BR>After the first edition came out, the National Defense Establishment of Canada began a review of what happened to all the materials left over from the program. On page 256 and following the author discusses the way records can be controlled and hidden just by depositing them somewhere and thus adding a layer of processing when they are finally requested. Archivists very seldom declassify anything that someone does not ask for as they have limited time. And if the indexing system is destroyed for a randomly accessioned collection then the requestor must go through the entire file box by box. Even without intent to obfuscate this is discouraging to the &quot;jump and run&quot; type researcher working on a deadline.<BR> And archivists always leave the original files in the order as recieved even if, as sometimes is apparent, they were figuratively shoveled into the boxes for shipment. Archivists do not sort as a matter of routine. Some make a fetish of leaving files in disarray caused by later researchers and archival copier technicians. I have encountered some of these obtacles in my research and I was working in originally innocuous files which had long before been declassified.<BR>Many of the relevent files on this sensitive subject have yet to be released, especially in Great Britain. But the main story is here, and it is a very cautionary one; recall the tale from antiquity about the genie, once released, which can never be put back, the recent anthrax alerts have served to remind us once again of that.
The phrase is apt because the narrator author has had more lives than the black cat and has seen more than the usual man's share of danger. And he appears to have had all the moves just like the legendary Catwoman. <BR>Starting out as a common soldier in the Bolshevik Army of 1918, he went on to survive the Spanish Civil War, the Stalin purges, and partisan operations in WW II behind the German lines.<BR>This is a fascination memoir and well deserves a place in the collection of the Special Ops aficianado or in the collection of the adventure novel reader. Well worth having.
This book is one of those excellent works by the University Press of Kentucky. They publish a great number of WW II personal narratives concerning the more obscure activities and less known theatres. I recall one written by a bandsman, the only one such I ever saw.<BR>This review is based on the 1988 Pocket Book newstand edition of the 1986 hardback original.<BR>The book is well written, quite thorough, and extensively sourced and noted, in contrast to many such works in which all that is set down about the author is in the blurb on the cover. There is also a handy map of Central Luzon printed on the inside back cover, a really great idea so that one can easily find it. Why don't other publishers do that? There is also a very useful index which covers not just personal names, as do so many, but has also subject listings to various topics. <BR>As contrasted to the original book published during WW II, with the title &quot;American Guerilla in the Phillipines&quot;, this one does not whitewash the dirty and brutal aspects of the war and its aftermath. All in all, a very interesting and well written work which deserves a place on the shelves of Spec Ops, &quot;grunt&quot; history, and personal narrative collections.
The title is somewhat misleading. This is an account of the Canadian SIGINT effort during WWII with a postwar chapter to bring it up to date.<BR>Although one thinks of Canada as the empty &quot;Great White North&quot; there is a band of population in the provinces just north of the Border which in the Lakes area is actually south of Boston and New York. In this area are many prominent universities and research centers. It was in such that the beginnings of independent Canadian efforts began. <BR>Even the notorious Herbert Yardley was involved until the US authorities told the Canadians to get rid of him or there would be no cooperation. Yardley was the erstwhile the chief of the US black chamber (code breakers) in WWI and after and when he was let go, he wrote a tell all book which resulted in the Japanese changing all their codes and ciphers in the 1930s.<BR>The author is a well known researcher concerned with the Canadian scientific war efforts. He has thoroughly mined the relevent archives of the nations involved to tell the story of these efforts and cooperation with the US and Great Britain. Much on the interservice wrangling in the US and not very much on use of the information nor is there much on the mechanics of SIGINT and code breaking. This is an organizational history and deserves a place on the shelf of the specialist. Not for the casual general reader.
I am always on the lookout for \\"grunt\\" history that covers little known theatres and periods. <BR>His unit was sent to North Russia to protect the vast stocks of war materials left behind on the docks when the Kerensky government lost power. They had already ceased active operations against the Germans but it was the Bolsheviks who signed the peace treaty in 1918. Since the Allies did not want the Germans to capture this booty materiel an expedition was sent made up of British, French, and US army and naval forces.<BR>In the course of guarding the lines of communications, the allies brushed against the Reds who took to raiding them. The resulting hostilities poisoned US-USSR relations for many years and it was not until the 1930s that ambassadors were exchanged. On the other side, the Allies and Japanese forced landed and took over Vladivostok and advanced west intending to garrison the Trans Siberian Railway, and relieve the Czech Legion which had been formed from POWs from the Austro Hungarian Empire, since they could not march westward through the German Army to get home to Czechoslovakia. Remember, that before 1918, neither Poland nor CZ nor Yugoslavia existed as modern governments. All were carved out of the remnants of the German, Russian, and Austro-Hungarian empires.<BR>This Siberian expedition which ended up aiding the White Russians also served to alienate the Red government which won the Russian Civil War. Later on US troops who fought against the Bolsheviks formed a society of remembrance, a veteran's club, if you will, and held annual meetings, were thought suspect simply because they had touched Reds, and the federal authorities kept track of their activities for years after.
What a difference both a knowledgeable author and a talented illustrator make together! Though the sum total of efforts since about 1990 have been quite satisfactory, some of the earlier works, and unfortunately some more recent, have suffered from insufficient knowledge of the subject, even though the illustrations were well done, the items were misidentified in them. <BR>All in all, starting from a base of personal ignorance of the Russian military system of about one and an awareness of the conduct of the war about five, I now have an overall seven which is passing but no honors! But in time, if I go on this book will have set me on the right path to knowledge. Now if I had only spent my career reading Russian instead of Spanish and French.:-)<BR>Just some of the revelations in this work are the appalling lack of a modern tactical system even in the face of the slaughter in the Russo Japanese War, the huge lack of an industrial base and the consequent paucity of heavy artillery, and lack of modern mobile mechanized transports, necessitating the transfer of the Armored Car Squadrons of the British Royal Naval Air Service and those of the Belgians to the east after the Western Front became impassible for such units. <BR>But the real drag on the Russian Army was the archaic social structure in which high rank was an entitlement of birth, rather than the result of merit, and the lack of opportunity for both peasants and workers to rise, or for the middle class to lead and serve usefully. None of this could be fixed by developing an arms industry nor by simply importing modern technology without a support base to maintain it. Even then they misused their field communications and sent all their orders in the clear so that the German SIGINT troops listened in and the outnumbered German Army was able to win the battle of Tannenberg.<BR>The Russian government had been so paranoid, xenophobic, and fearful of their neighbors that they laid the national railway system in broad guage so that all freight trains had to be unloaded at the border with Germany and Finland and the goods and materials carried across and reloaded and all passenger cars had to be lifted by hydraulics or mechanicals and wider trucks and running gear put under them.<BR>Even in the face of all this the Russian Army held on and even ran successful offensives in the south against Austria Hungary and Romania but the people were fed up, the Russian Navy mutinied and the Czarate fell to the Kerensky regime which in turn fell to the Bolsheviks. And we all know what happened then.
Though those like myself who have long studied Wilsonian meddling and moralistic posturing during the Mexican Revolution will not be surprised by the revelations in this book, I must admit it is a bit dry and I have yet to finish it but I have dipped into it enough. ... Woodrow Wilson was one of the biggest pious fakes ever to serve in the White House. His saintly reputation still prevails long after the messianistic image of John F. Kennedy has crumbled with the revelation of his philandering. But being a secret libertine and hedonist is far from being a moralistic racist who will \\"teach lesser breeds to elect good men\\" as Wilson said in regard to Mexico. <BR>These superior attitudes were the basis of the prejudiced policies toward Huerta in Mexico, the Indian head of a mongrel nation (sic) and toward Lenin, offspring of the Mongol hordes of old. No matter that, however bad they were, they were not attacking their neighbors but their own citizens and that was then thought to be internal business by most people. The US public opinion in those days was sorely divided on intervention in Mexico and mostly opposed, so why would Wilson expect any public support for open intervention in faraway Russia when he could not muster support for open intervention in a country next door?<BR>No matter that the Russian social and economic system had collapsed of its own weight and that was the Russian's concern. Wilson and the allies were going to set things right by any means necessary, including open armed invasion, and clandestine and open aid to Lenin's enemies.<BR>Every time the US has tried to pacify or set things right in modern times by clandestine or open means it has been a failure. Laos, Cambodia, Guatemala, Bosnia, wherever. As long as there is innate social injustice and maldistribution of the national output there will be unrest. And throw in racial and ethnic factors and it is even worse, the Balkans and the Middle East.
Since this primer came out in 1989, the fall of the USSR has led to much more knowledge of the details of the Red Army and its organization. As with any work in this series it is not intended as a definitive study, but an introduction. As such, it still is useful. As it was done before the end of the Cold War, much source material, even though published in prior years, has become available, and such publications as the now defunct English edition of Militaria and the still active French edition of Militaria have given us much more detail than is possible herein but that requires a large investment for the merely curious. <BR>So, start here and then go on to the photo studies and reenactments with living models so prevalent in recent years.
There are few literate people in the world who have not heard of the Gurkhas, the legendary fighting men from Nepal, a steep country of hill people of Asiatic ancestry. For over a century and a half the soldiers recruited from the Himalayas on the southern face of the range overlooking India faithfully served in the British Indian Army and since the independence of India form one of the largest contingents of the Army of India today. They still serve faithfully the British crown but with retrenchment and reductions their units are fading out of existence. This book briefly covers the history of the Gurkhas and reviews the current units in British service. Those units in the Army of India are not. Do not confuse the Army of India (post 1947) with the Indian Army of the British Empire which was divided up in 1947 to form both the Army of India and the Army of Pakistan.<BR>Their reputation for fierceness in battle is well deserved as is their cheery disposition and love for the tasks of a soldier. Of course, not being citizens or subjects of the nations they serve, they are characterized as mercenaries. Unfortunately that name has recieved much undeserved opprobium in the last forty some years due to the excesses of those who served in fight for pay units in the Congo and other places in Africa but those persons should more properly be termed &quot;soldiers of fortune&quot; as were those in the early part of the twentieth century. Those men were essentially amoral who killed for a living and put their life on the line for a big payoff in loot or cash so that they could squander it on rioutous libertinous living until the money ran out. <BR>A mercenary is really someone who earns his living at soldiering in the service of a nation not his own. No one in the French Foreign Legion ever got rich in the ranks, but they are mercenaries. In the mid millenium there were many such men. Sir John Falstaff, the Shakespearian character in Henry V, was one such. Dutch, Swedish, andSwiss have long been mercenaries. The famous Swiss Guard of the Vatican is a current example.<BR>So honor the Gurkhas for the jolly fellows they are and the virtues they personify, loyalty, steadfastness in adversity, and athletic courage, and forget unjust stereotypes of pillage and rapine properly attributed to mercenaries-soldiers of fortune of other times and places.
Though now somewhat dated I kept this book handy when I was working as an unclassified reference. Much detail not found elsewhere.
The Spanish Foreign Legion has never been as famous as the French Foreign Legion. One reason for this is that it fought only in the barren and desolate area of Spanish Morocco on the north coast of Africa east of Gibraltar. Another is that few outside of Spain had any interest in it. The world as a whole in 1919 was war weary and the public paid little attention.<br />The Foreign Legion was raised from the hordes of restless and ill employed veterans of WW I. Men hardened to fighting and who would not be missed if they  perished in the desert wastes. For domestic political reasons conscripts could not be used for such tasks as the Spanish public was not in favor of their use.<br />There were some Americans there, Tex O'Reilly who was an officer and whose biography was written both by himself and by Lowell Thomas.<br />Spanish Morocco is where Francisco Franco learned his trade and from whence he came with his troops to begin the Spanish Civil War.<br />This book is detailed enough to satisfy most person's curiousity about these interesting actions. Recommended.
This is a snapshot view of all the principal nations of Central America with Haiti, Cuba, and Mexico added for boot. There is enough detail and background of twentieth century events to set the stage for the situation as it was in the eighties. The period covers the victory of Castro and the subsequent events. <BR>There is nothing on South America, Venezuela, Colombia, etc. A good subject for another volume in this series. Drug Wars of the Jungle.<BR>Quick introduction and good illustrations make a good read.
I spent almost all of my professional career concerned with the mapping of Africa. And in the course of mapping one scans and extracts a lot of information from various open sources. In the course of this study I became familiar with the social, economic, and military happenings in Southern Africa.<BR>I can say that except for the works of Al J. Venter, a reporter from South Africa, there are very few books with detail on the bush wars conducted by black nationalists in opposition to the minority white rule resulting from colonialism. And often the insurgents had clashed among themselves for ethnic reasons and some blacks remained loyal to the minority governments.<BR>In other cases, when the white rulers gave up and went home as did the Portuguese in Angola and Moambique the remaining contenders began civil wars backed by the west and by the Communists respectively. In 1976, the Portuguese Army had revolted in protest to the endless bush wars in Africa and overthrew the government. The army had been especially disgusted with the conflict in defense of Portuguese Guinea-(now Guinea-Bissau) located on the shoulder of West Africa, a hot and worthless swamp land which had no economic value and a land where there were few white settlers.<BR>In contrast, the Portuguese ruled lands in Southern Africa had a large settler class, intermarriage was common,for there was no color line there, as there was in English speaking colonies. But still the post independence unrest was such that most of the settlers migrated back to Portugal and some to Brazil. A civil war ensued which is still going on.<BR>On the other hand, the struggle in Rhodesia, now Zimbabwe, was long and the white regime became an international pariah. The social structure was so unequal that half the land was owned by the whites who composed less than ten percent of the population. But the initial years of the peace settlement were so calm and benign that I feel that it was a positive influence on the South African settlement. Many whites who had fled to SA went back to Zimbabwe but in recent times unrest has broken out again. The socio-economic pie has yet to be fairly divvied up in Zimbabwe.
I spent almost all of my professional career concerned with the mapping of Africa. And in the course of mapping one scans and extracts a lot of information from various open sources. In the course of this study I became familiar with the social, economic, and military happenings in Southern Africa.<BR>I can say that except for the works of Al J. Venter, a reporter from South Africa, there are very few books with detail on the bush wars conducted by black nationalists in opposition to the minority white rule resulting from colonialism. And often the insurgents had clashed among themselves for ethnic reasons and some blacks remained loyal to the minority governments.<BR>In other cases, when the white rulers gave up and went home as did the Portuguese in Angola and Moambique the remaining contenders began civil wars backed by the west and by the Communists respectively. In 1976, the Portuguese Army had revolted in protest to the endless bush wars in Africa and overthrew the government. The army had been especially disgusted with the conflict in defense of Portuguese Guinea-(now Guinea-Bissau) located on the shoulder of West Africa, a hot and worthless swamp land which had no economic value and a land where there were few white settlers.<BR>In contrast, the Portuguese ruled lands in Southern Africa had a large settler class, intermarriage was common,for there was no color line there, as there was in English speaking colonies. But still the post independence unrest was such that most of the settlers migrated back to Portugal and some to Brazil. A civil war ensued which is still going on.<BR>Immediately to the south of Angola lies the land of SW Africa, now Namibia, whose international status was not that of a colony but that of a UN mandate gone bad. After WW I the League of Nations had assigned the governing of the former German colony of South West Africa to the Union of South Africa recently formed from the former British colonies of Cape Province and Natal and the two former Boer Republics, conquered in the Boer War at the turn of the century. At that time world opinion backed the poor pitiful (sic) Boers against the big bad British Empire. The black inhabitants of the area had had no say in the matter. They were just there. <BR>The unique thing about the Boers or Afrikaaners, as we now call them is that, first, they had been settled originally some 400 years ago. The cape was a natural stopping point for ships sailing to India before the Suez Canal was buit and the magnificent harbor of Capetown was a busy place. So busy that the English started to settle there, finally took over and the Boers moved inland to get away and enjoy self rule. <BR>This is part of the national legend of the Voortrekkers. Oxcarts across the prairies to the promised land. Does this sound like our western movement in the US?  Especially that of the Mormons. The anology certainly rang a bell with American public opinion in the days of the Boer War.<BR>The Boers were a hard people in a hard land. When they moved  northeast in their great migration, they ran into another great migration coming southwest from the area of present day Zimbabwe. These were the ancestors of the Zulus who were quite a contrast to the meek Bushmen that the Afrikaners had first encountered. Another hard people. Well the Boers won the first round and subjugated the African tribes. The African majority finally achieved political freedom under the leadership of Nelson Mandela after fifty years of struggle. Now we can hope they get it all sorted out and enforce the social peace which is lacking and spread the economic bounty to a wider participation. The majority is composed of pure blooded Africans.<BR>Now we know why the Afrikaners were so stubborn in clinging to their rule. Even though they were descended from Dutch settlers, so many years ago, their language is now a distinct one. Afrikaans is even the mother tongue of the Colored peoples, the term used for people of mixed whiteand black ancestry. What this means is that, contrasted to the British descended South African whites and those from India, the fourth major racial group in SA, they are a tribe and think of themselves as such. They are not transplanted Englishmen who, if displaced, could fly back to Blighty; the Afrikaaners cannot go back, they are home. Thus their stubborn efforts to resist assimilation for all the 200 years since the British came to Cape Colony.<BR>For many years the Afrikaaners saw the tides of black nationalism and liberation  wash up far away from their borders; so long as Portugal held out in southern Africa and the white Rhodesian regime remained in power there was precious little that armed opposition could do. International sanctions imposed by the UN in response to the refusal to give Namibia its freedom, meant little with such a huge barrier area. Although Namibia had been long ruled as the &quot;Fifth Province&quot;, its economic system integrated into that of SA, it is still rich enough in resources and has a population that can go it alone.<BR>Finally, the South African forces which had operated in Namibia and in southern Angola after its independence came home.
Dragoons were introduced into the US Army for the purpose of patrolling the overland routes to Oregon and later to California. They were the first mounted troops to be raised in many years. <BR>Their lineage can be traced to today's cavalry units.<BR>All of the work done by this author has proven to be well worth having, provided you have an interest. He has spent many years gathering and interpreting his information. One of his specialties is combing various works for narrative commentary. He is especially known for ferreting out contemporaneous images of the clothing and equipment in use.
The author retired from the British Army after serving in the period when much of this materiel was in use. Mastering the adjustment of the pattern 1908 and its descendent the pattern 1937 was a feat but once the set was adjusted, its robust construction and simplicity served to keep it from so readily catching and tangling as does US equipment of the period. Even though this covers the four major sets, 1908, 1937, 1944, and 1958 in detail, the lack of as many variations as in US accoutrements and load bearing equipment (LBE) allows the major parts to be covered. By now, the LBE system of the British soldier has gone through another cycle of design to an internal design pack made of nylon cloth compared with the cotton duck and woven webbing of the predecessors.<BR>This edition has been replaced by one which covers up to 2000 but since the book size is the same, something had to give in the later one.
I have been acquainted with Rene for many years. He is from Canada and has written many works concerning the North American campaigns of the French and British forces in the 17th and 18th centuries, the Spaniards in New Spain, and the early US Army before the Civil War. He is a professional historian and all his works are based on sound research.<BR>Mike Chappell, who has done so many fine illustrations, was a serving member for years and retired from the British Army. He has produced many works of his own publication as well.<BR>British Soldier in the Twentieth Century series.<BR>As I knew nothing about early British accoutrements this whole study was interesting. Of course, it cannot be thorough and complete. Whole detailed books have been and are written on small time periods on these subjects. But here is a good one to start with.<BR>See also the volume on later Infantry equipments and the one on Cavalry equipment.
This volume covers much of the same materiel that was included in the British Infantry Equipments, 1908-1980 and British Army 1914-1918 titles in the Men At Arms series.<BR>It also covers much of the same as in Chappells own publications in British Army in the Twentieth Century. Unfortunately most of those are no longer available. I hope he did not lose money on them. <BR>This volume therefore combines the results of twenty more years of research and brings together information once available only seperately. Worth having as are all his works.
If you don't know who he is, stop here! <BR>This is a quick overview of the development, purpose, and service life of the famous British Battle Dress. Its design was copied by members of the commonwealth forces and was an influence on the Wool Field Jacket (nicknamed Ike Jacket) of 1943 and the M1950 Wool OD Jacket worn by the US Army and the blue jacket worn for a time by the US Air Force personnel in the fifties.(There is a fascinating subject the USAF from 1950 to 1980. How about it, Osprey?)<br />The Battle Dress was designed to fit like a sack of potatoes, in other words, loose and capacious, and non constricting. No longer would soldiers go to war wearing severely tailored coats with immaculate brass buttons. That would be reserved for walking out order or what is now known as service dress. It was made of rough wooly material and the waist length jacket buttoned to the high waisted trousers which had a first aid packet pocket and a map pocket on the front of the thighs. The enlisted men's version jacket was worn with a collarless shirt. The jacket was only partially lined, omitting padding and trimmings so it did not require dry cleaning and could be washed in a field laundry. <BR>The officer's version was lined at the collar so it could be worn open with a collared shirt and tie. (still that useless thing!) The BD was worn in temperate climates such as NW Europe and in Italy in the winter. Other orders such as Khaki Drill and Jungle Green (see that book title) were worn in hot climate areas.<BR>During the war the wearing of any sort of ceremonial uniform was suspended but the dress side caps of the Corps and Regiments were worn as a sort of walking out dress when on home station and also with the Khaki Drill.<BR>Because of the universal desire by soldiers to smarten up in peacetime, by the end of the fifties, the baggy, dumpy looking BD was being replaced for everyday wear by the tailored service dress (see British Army 1965-1980 in this series.) and the combat clothing was now composed  of various wind and rain resistant cotton garments.
Though body armor of one sort or another was used in ancient times, after the introduction of firearms, it fell into disuse in Western armies. <BR>It was found during WW I after the troops on the Western Front had gone to ground, that up to 80% of the casualties were caused by artillery fragments and mortar bomb splinters. This led to the universal use of steel helmets by 1916 as the troops in ordinary defense were protected by the trenches themselves. Some specialist troops such as machine gunners wore heavy plate armor which hooked over the shoulders but this was too heavy for use in mobile maneuvers.<BR>The author points out that the word flak is the abbreviation for the German word for anti aircraft gun, a typical long compound noun. Due to the widespread introduction of plate armor contained in jackets, by the US Army Air Forces for bomber crews to counter flak the name stuck. There were also armored seats in fighter aircraft. This type of airman's armor was not constrained by weight considerations.<BR>The next development was the use of armor for ground troops. This began widely during the siege phase of the Korean War with the M1952 vest. Later in Vietnam special armor was developed for the crews of helicopters which included groin pieces. <BR>Modern armor is often made of ceramic or of kevlar and is made of small plates carried in pocketed garments. Though the police SWAT teams often wear such vests, they are not considered to be bullet proof, their purpose is to slow down a projectile so that it merely wounds or bruises instead of penetrating the targeted person. There is no such thing as a &quot;bullet proof&quot; vest, just various levels of protection.<BR>As this work is about twenty years old now, it could well be supplemented with another followon volume.
If you know what all that means then you need this book. If not, stop reading now. Published in 1977, this book is a snapshot of the British Army as it was in 1976. It consists of O B listings of the major units and their sub units.<BR>All is covered herein except the officers' mess dress, and the white and red ceremonial uniforms. These, though beloved of students of the British Army are so seldom seen and are so complicated in the details of their regimental distinctions, that, like the old Indian Army, one would need a multi volume encyclopedia to cover the subject well.<BR>Instead this concentrates on the Service dress orders which replaced the BD, jungle greens, and khaki drill of the WW II period and later.<BR>Very little on individual equipment so look elsewhere for that.
I have been acquainted with the author for many years so when I heard this work was to be published I looked forward to acquiring it.<BR>As I was scheduled to retire in January 1998, I went to the planners of my party and told them rather than perhaps giving me an inappropriate, useless or redundant gift (After all I have been collecting books for forty five years.) I would like a gift certificate from a book store. Well, I got enough to get this and a fine thing it is too.<BR>Every place I looked where I knew somthing about the subject, especially the post Korea-pre Vietnam Cold War when I served, I had no quarrel with what Bill said. So you can depend on the nineteenth century material which is just as well researched.<BR>This book is much improved by not just being a catalog of insignia but identifies the clothing upon which it was worn, thus facilitating its use for identification.<BR>Every major research library should have this in its collection along with his other mighty work Chevrons.
So many of the earlier volumes in this series are either superficially done by authors barely familiar with research or just too sketchy, that is, the subject is too vast for the space available. <BR>This one is just about right. It is the story of the first international expeditionary force in the twentieth century, combining forces which sooner or later would fight each other. The major forces were the U.S., and the British, Japanese, French, and German empires, all first commanded by a British admiral.<BR>The Chinese peasant traditionalist organizations, whose names translated as Boxers, revolted against the Imperial Government and laid siege to the Legation Quarter at Peking near the seat of the government. For political reasons, the Imperial Army was first kept on the sidelines, for the Imperial Dowager Empress disapproved of the foreign concessions that had been imposed on China over the last century. (19th).But when the Allies tried to advance along the railway to Peking to rescue the foreigners there the Imperial Army blocked their way.<BR>The advance was no picnic stroll. Hordes of Boxer and Imperial forces attacked the advancing Allies who in the searing heat and stifling dust of the Asian continental climate were hindered by the necessity of marching along the railroad from Tientsin and repairing it as they went.<BR>All in all, a good overview of the incidents which at the time, inspired multitudes of reports, books, and popular histories. <BR>Later the siege was commemorated in the movie \\"55 Days at Peking\\" starring Charlton Heston and the US Marine Corps Legation Guard. Though the British Envoy, a former general officer was really in charge of the defense.
It is a pity that this work was allowed to go out of print.It is based on intensive archival research and every item is illustrated by clear photographs. In addition the author has sought out contemporary photographs of the items in use. The author has done some other fine works on US martial pistols.<BR>I have been collecting and researching for a long time and I would not want to part with this one. Are there errors and omissions? Certainly a few but only such as myself would spot them for they are mostly arguable points of interpretion not bold pronunciamentos handed down as if from on high.<BR>He has certainly identified many more items than I knew existed. Published in 1987 it needs updating with items recently introduced. We can only hope.
All of the work done by this author has proven to be well worth having, provided you have an interest. He has spent many years gathering and interpreting his information. One of his specialties is combing various works for narrative commentary. He is especially known for ferreting out contemporaneous images of the clothing and equipment in use.<BR>These works range from the simple picture studies in the G.I. series, and the Osprey Men At Arms to definitive massive studies such as this. If you collect or research these periods you need to have his works.
There has been a lot of hoopla in recent years about the &quot;Forgotten War&quot; referring to the Korean War. This war was the first war fought by the forces of the West against the surrogate forces of the Red East. After a year of back and forth open mechanized warfare it settled down into a heavily fortified trench war similar to the Western Front of WW I.<BR>It is also vilified and thought of as the first war the U.S. lost and there was a lot of political mud slinging at home about the causes and conduct of the war. But cool heads prevailed and it did not turn out to be act one of WW III. Everyone involved finally signed an armistice which continues to this day and though there have been border raids and incidents, general war has been avoided. While the south has prospered as part of the western world economic system the north still hunkers down menacingly behind its borders.<BR>When I served it was just two plus years after the armistice and the Army was full of veterans of both WW II and Korea. The experience was remembered and contributed to some of the missteps later in Vietnam.
The author served after the British Cavalry was dismounted so he has no more experience with this materiel than I have with US Cavalry material. But that is not to say that neither of us do not know what we are covering, it just means we have to have done our research. By the time I was a grown man, the only cavalry I ever saw was led by John Wayne in Fort Apache when I was a boy. :) And I do not remember ever meeting a horse cavalryman in my life.<BR>I certainly found a little on the British equipment while researching ours, and discovered the fact that the famous US issue &quot;Patton&quot; saber, M 1913, was copied directly from the British pattern 1908. Of course, give Patton credit for seeing a good thing. At the time most of our cross cultural influence was French.<BR>Well, enough of this, if you have an interest buy it. If not, don't.
This volume covers much of the same materiel that was included in the British Infantry Equipments, 1908-1980 and British Army 1914-1918 titles in the Men At Arms series.<BR>It also covers much of the same as in Chappells own publications in British Army in the Twentieth Century. Unfortunately most of those are no longer available. I hope he did not lose money on them. <BR>This volume therefore combines the results of twenty more years of research and brings together information once available only seperately. Worth having for that reason alone.
I have long had this work and everytime I consult it I am able to find what I am looking for.<BR>Chevrons are strips of cloth worn on the upper sleeves by personnel of the Army, Marines, and Air Force to distinguish the various ranks (paygrades) and duty positions. The seemingly endless variety of them challenges the collector. <BR>In the US services, chevrons are worn only by enlisted men while in many foreign armies they are also worn by officers. They present a variety of collectibility. Before WW I they were made in the same background colors as the uniforms on which they were worn and were colored the same as the branch piping on the dress blue coat, the cap band, and the cord on the campaign hat. <BR>Army jargon also calls them stripes. This work covers only the U.S. Army. Up until partway into the WW I the Army used a variety of specialist marks and other devices worn in combination with the chevrons and often forming the central design in the insignia. In contrast to the US Navy which has a huge variety of marks, the Army ones were usually confined to the branch insignia or such trades and skills such as saddlers and gun pointers.<BR>Army chevrons since WW I have had the same or no devices on the insignia of rank, the indication of special skills being shown by &quot;ground badges&quot; pinned to the chest over the left pocket as contrasted with flight badges.<BR>This book is a must for the serious reference collection. It should be reprinted forthwith.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>The German Army set should be read in conjunction with many other individual volumes covering their allies and opponents and the other German fighting forces such as the Waffen SS, and the Parachute units, which were part of the German Air Force, the Luftwaffe.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
This work has been out for some time now. It is still the useful introduction that it was in 1984 but of course needs revision.<BR>As the author points out, the term &quot;flak&quot; is the German abbreviation for their typical lengthy compound noun meaning antiaircraft gun. It came to be used in conjunction with body armor in WW II when the USAF issued plate armor to the bomber crews over Germany. And the similarity of the fragments resulting from bursting flak shells to that of bursting ground artillery barrages completed the analogy even though it is technically incorrect.<BR>Although armor of one sort or another has been worn for centuries with the introduction of hand firearms it fell into disuse in the West except for ceremonial use in the sixteenth century though vestiges were worn in China and Japan.<BR>It was found in the Great War which began in 1914 in western Europe that after the troops went to ground in late 1914 the predominant casualties were caused by artillery shell and mortar bomb fragments. By 1916 all the contenders on the western front wore steel helmets to protect the head while the earthworks kept away direct small arms fire except when charging in the open. Rifle caliber wounds were never to be protected against except by heavy plate armor used by machine gunners and other specialists. This material just could not be made for all the front line troops. It was too heavy. Just as in WW II the flyers used heavy plate but the infantry did not.<BR>After the war development continued and the introduction of lightweight layered multi plate armor of composite construction was introduced during the Korean War. The M1952 body armor was introduced to US and UN forces in Korea and later was furnished to the French in Indo China.<BR>The author then goes on to give an overview of developments to the time of publication. As usual the color plates are superb and well annotated.
This book has stood the test of time and it is good to see it available again. Barbara Tuchman was not a professional toiler in the trenches of academe and the wide spread acclaim she gathered for Guns of August (c.f) and her other works did not endear her to those who could not write a coherent and understandable sentence.<br />For a work done so long ago before many of the files were opened in the archives of the world especially those then held by the CIA and now declassified, it still provides insight into the man and his times. It is just too unfortunate that he was such an irascible person, perhaps he would have prevailed.<br />As it was, they did not fire him directly, they kicked him upstairs and replaced him with two generals. :-). One wonders what he would have said and done in response to the barkers about &quot;Who lost China.?&quot; He would have put the blame right where it belonged, on Chaing Kai Shek. I do not think he would have stood idly by and let the State Department railroad  Service, Davies, and the others out of the government. And would have gotten David Barrett his well earned star.
Since I first read this book back when it first was published in 1988 by the Naval Institute Press, this review is not based on immediate memory. <BR>The story covers the author's service as a fighter pilot in the Central Pacific Theatre, both on carriers and on dusty tropic atolls. It is excellently written and is one of the few aviation personal narratives in my collection as most of my interest is in the ground wars in the Pacific and SW Pacific Theatres of WW II.<BR>I remember it as well worth my reading and it should be sought out if you are interested.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy  format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>The German Army set should be read in conjunction with many other individual volumes covering their allies and opponents and the other German fighting forces such as the Waffen SS, and the Parachute units, which were part of the German Air Force, the Luftwaffe.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
This is another of the personal narratives for which Sunflower University Press is noted. They consistently have come up with well written works, which like those from Kansas State, shed light on little known and interesting experiences of support units. Others who toiled behind the veil of high security never got any press coverage at the time, especially those involved in SIGINT and traffic analysis as was the author.<BR>The intercept unit he served was located in Darwin on the north coast of Australia, thousands of miles from the big cities and the settled areas of the southeastern continent. First, they had to get to Darwin. Because their equipment was so bulky they could not be flown to Darwin, so they had to go overland, a journey equivalent to going from Houston to Salt Lake City via Denver and most by motor truck. Because the Australian states had all been seperate colonies until the turn of the century (1900) the railway guages changed at the state borders and all freight had to be transloaded for the journey from the south to Queensland, then west along a single road to the north south road running north from Alice Springs in the center of the country.Well, all of this is terrain equivalent to the Mohave Desert, flat, dusty, and brushy. <BR>Once they got to Darwin, and set up their apparatus, then the real work began, manning the receivers 24 hours a day and writing down the plain language transmissions or the coded messages. All of this was then sent on to an intelligence processing unit.<BR>An awful lot of boring work goes into SIGINT, it is not all solving puzzles as one might gather from most of the narratives about Bletchley Park and Enigma but just plain tedious collation and distilling of random seeming data to fill in the Order of Battle and the tactical movements of the enemy.<BR>Even so, it was not all work and the author covers civil relations and off duty pastimes as well.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
Having looked at this book with my primary interest in the experiences of the common soldier in mind, I am struck with the many interesting personal narratives herein. That said, I was disappointed to some extent that there were not any narratives from opponents or from other allies whose native tongue is not English. Perhaps this was the author's purpose, perhaps he did not have source permissions, or perhaps the publisher did not want to acquire rights to other stories.<BR>That said, although this is therefore a one sided view, it has much literary merit and deserves a place in the personal narrative collection.<BR>I would also recommend the author's own personal narrative of service as an aviator. Flights of Passage (c.f.)
The author went on to have a long and noted career as an academic and government official. He was chief of the State Department Bureau of Intelligence and Research (INR) and the Assistant Secretary of State during the Johnson administration.<BR>Roger Hilsman graduated from The US Military Academy in 1944 and was assigned to the OSS, Sent to Burma, the author commanded a guerrilla battalion, ambushing Japanese patrols, blowing up bridges, spying on the enemy, and slipping back into the teeming jungle. later he went to the prison camp in Manchuria where the Japanese had held his father and helped liberate him.<BR>This is an articulate and informative memoir. In the course of his career the author has written many political and policy books. This gives a sense of the man behind the job.
If any theatre needed the legendary winged tanks, this was the one. If one looks at the map of Burma, the mountain ranges all run north and south and the steep slopes and jungly river bottoms all run cross wise to the main line of advance from India. Dividing Burma from India is the Arakan rgeion,  with a mountainous ridge running out into the ocean forming a peninsula. The Japanese and the British 14th Army contested this area for 3 years before the British finally broke through in 1945.<BR>If anyone could think up a set of topographic conditions worse for armored forces than the route from the Arakan to Rangoon they would have a large task. The British also invaded further north along the route of the Burma Road and dropped airborne as well but the main thrust had to come from the south because the northern infrastructure was at capacity, sending supplies to China, and could not support the main effort while in the south one flank was on the sea and supposedly could be reinforced that way.<BR>This book covers the advance into Burma and the crossing of innumerable streams, bogs, ridges, and major rivers. Once out into the lowland plains the pursuit could be eased somewhat but necessity to keep supplies up often slowed the advance.<BR>Good narrative history.
If any theatre needed the legendary winged tanks, this was the one. If one looks at the map of Burma, the mountain ranges all run north and south and the steep slopes and jungly river bottoms all run cross wise to the main line of advance from India. Dividing Burma from India is the Arakan rgeion,  with a mountainous ridge running out into the ocean forming a peninsula. The Japanese and the British 14th Army contested this area for 3 years before the British finally broke through in 1945.<BR>If anyone could think up a set of topographic conditions worse for armored forces than the route from the Arakan to Rangoon they would have a large task. The British also invaded further north along the route of the Burma Road and dropped airborne as well but the main thrust had to come from the south because the northern infrastructure was at capacity, sending supplies to China, and could not support the main effort while in the south one flank was on the sea and supposedly could be reinforced that way.<BR>This book covers the advance into Burma and the crossing of innumerable streams, bogs, ridges, and major rivers. Once out into the lowland plains the pursuit could be eased somewhat but necessity to keep supplies up often slowed the advance.<BR>Good narrative history.
Having read this book some twenty years ago (it was published by Rand McNally in 1979) I never expected to see it listed on Amazon's site. But since it is I will take the opportunity to make the recommendation that if you are at all interested in the personal experiences of a typical OSS man in what could be considered the wierdest theatre in our experience, with inhabitants ranging from primitive headhunters, who fortunately liked us but not the Japanese, to civilized Anglo Burmans of the lowland areas.<BR>In the area where the OSS operated in northern Burma the primary inhabitants were the animist Kachins and Karens, organized tribally, who in British times had been dealt with by agencies. Few Anglos ever went there and if they did it was their job and not to settle. <BR>Magic and spirits were strongly believed in by the local people and they hated the Japanese for their brutal depredations against them. The OSS dealt mainly with the Kachins living in the forests of northern Burma; these were descended from migrants from Tibet and China proper, thus they were not Burmans per se ethnically or sociologically, and for years since WW II have been at sword's point with the lowland Burmese.<BR>As often happens when Americans away from home, with all their racial baggage, encounter dark in color people of other ethnicities, they develop personal and working relationships on a level of intimacy that would never occur in the home society.<BR>This same mutual respect among fighting men occurred and still does in New Guinea, the Pacific Islands. <BR>The same level of mutual respect can be found in countries where the British served: India, Africa and elsewhere. When hardships prevail and mutual dependence is necessary then racism fades away.
As the NPS's Chief National Emergency Services Coordinator the author spent many years in the search and rescue business. In the course of his career he had access to the original records and was able to select most dramatic and cautionary stories. Each covers at most a few pages but the reader will want to keep reading. Very hard to put down and a substantial amount of research and good writing. <BR>Most emphasis is on the post 1940 period since WW II when the development of modern aerial search and rescue techniques, as pioneered in the armed services, influenced the postwar organization and methods. The Air Force became responsible for inland activities and the Coast Guard for the sea margins. Ground based searches remained the primary responsiblity of the big land management agencies such as the Park Service, Forest Service, and Bureau of Land Management.
One might ask why twenty plus years on, the experiences of the author might have some significance other than to the historians of intelligence and the students of tradecraft and organization.<BR>The primary reason I first bought this was that it dealt with Soviet SIGINT operations. Of course, one must keep in mind that in return for his exfiltration and a new start in the West, the suthor will not reveal anything that our side does not want him to even though the other side may have known what he revealed, we might not want that known by a third party in the intelligence business.<BR>What is most relevent here and now is that the author was in the KGB, thoroughly understood its mindset, and broke with that mindset. It has been said that the KGB with its world wide tentacles was the only part of the USSR government that truly knew the situation both politically and economically.<BR>Just because the KGB no longer exists in its old form, it formed the base of the Russian intelligence service of today. And most important of all, power has settled in the hands of Putin, who no matter how affable and westernized he may seem, spent all his working life in the KGB and its successor.<BR>Consider that fact with the author' opinion that the Stalinists may come back. I think they will not but that authoritarianism very well might. After all the Russian never lived in a democracy before Communism and have no experience with it. And observe the semi anarchic business and social conditions in Russia. Belarus has already gone back to authoritanism.<BR>Thus, this book remains useful for studying the other side, whether they prove to be friends or foes again.
As family tradition has it that our name originates in the Balkans, in Bulgaria, I have had a curiousity about the wars and campaigns there, ever since I began studying WW I and perused my sets of Leslie's Weekly, and sets of the New York Times Mid Week Pictorial, a rotogravure mainstay of photohistorians of the Great War. But there have been no known readily available short treatments of those times in the Balkans. So when I saw this listed last month I eagerly sent off for it. As followers of my reviews know, I have a lot of Osprey titles and find them mostly useful.<BR>If this one were a sausage, though, it would burst in the microwave. There is just too much order of battle data and not enough historical interpretation. Another reviewer has caught the author's national slant. (He is a Serb, after all. Try reading some Mexican author on the &quot;Colossus of the North&quot;. That era is one of my research specialties.) I think part of the verbal confusion may be due to the translator.<BR>Leaving all that aside, the main fault is just too much available material to cover in the standard volume size of this series. The battle history is too skimpy and should be in a Campaign volume where it could be treated properly. As a cartographer, I am really disappointed at the one inadequate and confusing monocolor map herein. It shows no lines of communications, many place names are missing, and topography is not indicated.<BR>There should be some sense of the life experience of the soldiers both before and during service. Such has been done in the volumes on the British Army for years. We know that all these Balkan proper nations were hard scrabble rural states and most remain so today.<BR>The coverage of the Ottoman Army and the Austro Hungarian forces should be eliminated as the former is covered elsewhere in its own volume and the latter should be. And omit the German forces as well. <BR>This would leave enough room to cover the Serbs, the Romanians, the Greeks, the Bulgarians, etc. in the detail they deserve. This volume should emphasize those national forces not likely to ever have their own volumes, either due to lack of information or lack of importance. Montenegro will never get its own. :-)<BR>The plates are of the usual high quality.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets  covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the  works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>The British Army set should be read in conjunction with Mike Chappell's work on British Infantry equipment and the volume on Battle Dress.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
Though I have had this book for a long time, I have seldom looked at it. As a specialist in this period and a veteran of the Cold War Army I have studied this period in real time since the fifties.<BR>In any case, the book is now obsolescent except for the color illustrations. At the age of 23 it has long been superseded by the works of Shelby Stanton (c.f.) and others. <BR>The author did serve in Vietnam but since we were there for eight years, as often stated, due to the replacement system, we fought eight different one year wars, not one eight year war.<BR>Those who were there in 1965 and earlier looked like those who served in the 1950s, by the end of the war, the soldiers' clothing and equipment was totally revised and had gone through two cycles of development and entering on a third which began during the last years of US participation and remained in use till the late eighties.<BR>So you cannot generalize about VM, you need to know where someone was, and most important, when.<BR>This book is simply not comprehensive enough nor is its companion in this series (#143), which was an attempt to fill in the gaps left by this one.<BR>Every national contingent who served in VM could well support its own study, the Australians and the South Koreans come readily to mind.
This book is well illustrated but tries to cover too much in too little space. When such as Shelby Stanton (c.f.) devote whole books to the WW II clothing alone and others to individual equipment it is no longer needed.<BR>The publisher has realized this and has brought out a new three volume set in this series covering the same era. The publisher should simply let this one go out of print. Its day is past.
This study covers the political, economic, and military situations of the time. As a long time student of WWI history I had only barely been made aware of the Spartacists and the Freikorps by seeing a few grainy news photos in period publications such as Leslie's Weekly. I really was ignorant of the immediate post armistice period. So when I saw this title I quickly ordered it.<BR> I had known of civil unrest and the Russo Polish War of 1920 but did not know that the German Freikorps were involved in the armed dispute over the Upper Silesia plebiscite. <BR>The Freikorps as opposed to the regular German Army set up under the armistice was composed of various &quot;freebooter&quot; volunteer units raised by ex-imperial veterans to keep order, oppose the Red Bolsheviks, and defend the nation against Polish raiders who wanted to take over parts of the border zone.<BR>Freikorps units ranged in size from local defense companies to fully integrated all arms units as large as divisions and corps. The effectiveness was varied but they were disciplined and highly motivated volunteers who managed to keep the national territory more or less intact. But they were not supporters of the Weimar Republic for the most part.<BR>It is an irony that the mostly succesful results of their efforts were overshadowed by the failures of the politicos who signed the harsh Treaty of Versailles and caused the subsequent ascendancy of Hitler and his cutthroat gang.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets  covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the  works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>The German Army set should be read in conjunction with many other individual volumes covering their allies and opponents and the other German fighting forces such as the Waffen SS, and the Parachute units, which were part of the German Air Force, the Luftwaffe.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
Though I have had this book for a long time, I seldom look at it. As a specialist in this period and a veteran of the Cold War Army I have studied this period in real time.<BR>In any case, the book is now obsolescent except for the color illustrations. At the age of 20 it has long been superseded by the detailed works of Shelby Stanton (c.f.) and others. <BR>Since US forces were there for eight years, as often stated, due to the replacement system, we fought eight different one year wars, not one eight year war.<BR>Those who were there in 1965 and earlier looked like those who served in the 1950s, by the end of the war, the soldiers' clothing and equipment was totally revised and had gone through two cycles of development and entering on a third which began during the last years of US participation and remained in use till the late eighties.<BR>So you cannot generalize about VM, you need to know where someone was, and most important, when.<BR>This book is simply not comprehensive enough nor is its earlier companion in this series (#104). This one was an attempt to fill in the gaps left by that one.<BR>Every major national contingent who served in VM could well support its own study, the Australians and the South Koreans come readily to mind. Nor have the US Marines, the US Air Force and US Naval personnel. The enemy NVA and VC have been covered by Osprey.
I have had this book for many years. Every paragraph is marked up with some error of interpretation or fact. I see no evidence that the author consulted an article that I wrote thirty some years ago on the development of infantry equipment. And he is careless with the proper nomenclature. He uses jargon such as &quot;product improved&quot;, a modern term, which is not relevent to the period and was never used in the period 1910 to very recently.<BR>The author simply did not do enough research nor understand what he read. The subject is simply too vast to cover in such a short format. But the illustrations are excellent, it is just the text that I cannot recommend.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets  covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the  works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>If you want more detail on Army clothing then see Shelby Stanton's World War II work reviewed on this site. Unfortunatly I have yet to find a comprehensive study of US individual equipment which is not riddled with errors of omission, misidentification, and unproved speculation. Though a great exception is Scott Meadow's work on holsters which is more than most want to know and is expensive to boot. Not for the general reader.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets  covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the  works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>This should be read along with the volumes on Battle Dress and British Infantry Equipments in this series.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
Collectors and Historians have long been fascinated with the seemingly endless variations of insignia, badges, and decorations and medals awarded to the members of both the civil and military personnel of the Germany of the Nazi era. These have been avidly collected since I was a child. But before that the emphasis was on the German Army of the Imperial period from 1870s to 1918.<BR>Though much of that material is now gone due to the ravages of the last eighty some years and the surviving bits are mainly in museums, some occassionally comes out of an attic or dusty cellar trunk when great grandad's property is sold.<BR>This book will be essential to anyone who has a rational plan for collecting this material. It is a distillation of the German Army's Order of Battle,and wartime histories, and contains tables, lists, and detailed descriptions of all the insignia and orders of clothing worn and the individual equipment carried. Other works should be consulted for the details of small arms, ordnance, and aircraft. This book focuses on the individual soldier.<BR>As with all the books in this series I have seen, the use of color plates and the large magazine size format combine to make it a pleasure to peruse and consult again and again. Not a book to be read straight through and forgotten but one to dip into now and again.
Military miniature makers and military historians alike have long been fascinated by the splendid multitudinous, colorful, and varied military forces of the Indian Army, the largest volunteer force in the world.<BR>Raised, directed, and mostly led by officers of British birth, the Indian Army had a long tradition of faithful service which has continued in the service of the nation of India. This is the story of its last years in the Empire, from Lord Kitchener's reforms which transformed it from a force mainly intended for keeping order to one capable of supporting the forces of the Empire on foreign expeditions. Serving in WW I in France and the Middle East, and in WW II in North Africa, Italy, the Middle East, Burma, and the Far East, its troops were spread widely.<BR>Though starved of modern war material until WW II, with the aid of British and African divisions, by 1944  the Indian Army was capable of defending India proper against strong Japanese forces attacking from Burma and to take back that unfortunate land.<BR>The illustrations are superb and the text well written. Just as much as I wanted to supplement my somewhat sketchy knowledge of the Indian Army of the early twentieth century.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets  covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the  works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>The German Army set should be read in conjunction with many other individual volumes covering their allies and opponents and the other German fighting forces such as the Waffen SS, and the Parachute units, which were part of the German Air Force, the Luftwaffe.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets  covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the  works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>The German Army set should be read in conjunction with many other individual volumes covering their allies and opponents and the other German fighting forces such as the Waffen SS, and the Parachute units, which were part of the German Air Force, the Luftwaffe.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets  covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the  works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>See my review of part one for more commentary.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
This work is a splendid example of the new emphasis of the publisher on producing comprehensive works in a handy cheap format compared with the earlier broad brush treatments which covered too much in too little detail. <BR>The new emphasis is on sets  covering various national armed forces in as much detail as is available, consistent with the current purpose of the  works in the series, which have evolved from an original emphasis on serving the military miniature maker market into works intended to enlighten the general reader in enough detail to satisfy the merely curious and to point the way to further reading. <BR>Most of us, including myself, have little need for, or the patience to read, voluminous studies, often in foreign languages, covering many eras and nations. My main interest is in the US forces, their allies and their enemies in the twentieth century.<BR>That said, these works should be purchased as presented, in sets within the series. Since they are produced as a set, the volumes cover only relevent parts of the general history and the clothing and individual equipment is covered as it appears in each period. The French Army, US Army, British Army, and Italian Army series all have three volumes, covering the major theatres and time periods of the war. The German set has five.<BR>The German Army set should be read in conjunction with many other individual volumes covering their allies and opponents and the other German fighting forces such as the Waffen SS, and the Parachute units, which were part of the German Air Force, the Luftwaffe.<BR>If you want an introduction to the fascinating variety of clothing and equipment of the forces covered, this set is for you.
Frank Cass among other things publishes several scholarly journals including Intelligence and National Security, one of the bulwarks of the historical genre. Ocasionally one of the issues is repackaged and presented as a standalone volume. They consist of many short articles.<BR>Others in this series are complete studies prepared by one or more authors. The present volume is one of the latter.<BR>Quite interesting but exceedingly narrow in scope. Little would be gained by a detailed analysis. The title says it all.<BR>This is of interest only to the specialist. We must be thankful that Cass finds it practical to publish for us.
This full color book has a broader scope than his WW II Tommy (c.f.) It covers the khaki drill and jungle green uniforms of the RAF and even the Naval ratings of the Malta Defense Force in white undress shorts.<BR>This book is extremely  well photographed in a large format. Because Brayley served 24 years as a military photographer in many parts of the world he was able to pose his models in the actual locations where the items were worn in Africa, the Middle East, and the Far East. As in all his work, all of the items are original World War period issue. <BR>The only peculiar thing to my eyes is that because many items were unused, due to the British manner of attaching the clothing issue labels to the outside of the garments, these lables are visible in the images. In actual service, of course, these would be removed.<BR>The book covers as well as clothing, personal equipment, small arms, and comfort items commonly carried in the field.<BR>This is a fine work and a classic of its genre and deserves a place along with his other works on the library shelf.
This book is part of a set covering the US Army of WW II. The set covers the clothing, individual equipment, small and heavy arms, vehicles, and campaigns. <BR>Of course, much more detailed information can be found in other works such as Shelby Stanton's definitive work on clothing but a complete collection covering these items would cost several hundred dollars at least and still not cover everything in detail.<BR>Compared to the earlier volumes published by Osprey, it is an A compared to a D. The other volumes were superficial and suffered either from trying to cover too much or too long a period or written by authors who simply were not familiar enough with the period covered. <BR>This is written by a knowledgable author and is superbly illustrated by the magnificent Mike Chappell. Drawing on multitudinous sources, these three volumes will satisfy those who want to know what grandaddy looked like in the war and give a useful overview for those not needing more detailed knowledge. <BR>As a long time specialist in the period, I learned things and recommend this highly.<BR>See my reviews of the other two volumes in this set.
Growing up in the late forties, as a child, I vaguely remember hearing about McCarthy and the Great Debate about &quot;Who Lost China.&quot; Well, I can tell you that with no hesitation. Chaing Kai Shek lost China when he invaded Manchuria in 1945 but he made a long run at the pole and almost grabbed the prize. If it had not been for the Japanese invasion he probably would have finished off the Reds and taken over the whole country.<BR>I knew the story of Chaing and Mao and Chou En Lai but nothing about the warlord period before 1930.<BR>As an adult I have read some widely in recent years about the post 1940 period but admit much ignorance about the early days from 1911 to then. Well, since ignorance is curable but stupidity is not, and I am not stupid, I have been able to satisfy my curiousity with this volume and dispelled as much ignorance as I wanted to.<BR>So if you want a detailed history of this period, go elsewhere, if you want excellent illustrations of what the various contenders for the rule of China looked like and a quick overview of what they did, then this is for you.<BR>Many volumes in this publisher's ouevre are lacking in depth or in scholarship. The series began years ago as an aid to the makers of military minitures but in the last 15 years has improved considerably where the latest volumes could claim space on a public library shelf. This is one of those.<BR>My curiosity is satisfied. Yours might be also.
This book is part of a set covering the US Army of WW II. Compared to the earlier volumes published by Osprey, it is an A compared to a D. The other volumes were superficial and suffered either from trying to cover too much or too long a period or written by authors who simply were not familiar enough with the period covered. <BR>This one is written by a knowledgable author and is superbly illustrated by the magnificent Mike Chappell. Drawing on multitudinous sources, these three volumes will satisfy those who want to know what grandaddy looked like in the war and give a useful overview for those not needing more detailed knowledge. <BR>As a long time specialist in the period, I learned things and recommend this highly.<BR>See my reviews of the other two volumes in this set.
Among the more obscure campaigns and operations of the war in China were the seemingly incongruous operations of the US Navy in support of the Chinese Nationalist forces. One may quickly ask what were they doing so far inland from the open seas?<br />Well there were several reasons, one was to set up weather stations so that naval aviators could safely approach the coast and attack Japanese shipping, and American submarines could hide in the mists and rain while surfaced for recharging or lying in wait for the enemy.<br />Another major task was in support of the long range plans for the attack on Japan itself. The coastal zone north of Hong Kong though patrolled by the Japanese was not occupied and was a porous zone of smugglers and travellers back and forth between the two opposing sides. There were plans to land US forces there and build up for a western approach to Japan via Manchuria to squeeze the country against the approaching forces from the Pacific side.<br />The long range plan had to gather what is known as basic intelligence, that is, weather, climate, infrastructure, topography, the social situation, and any other information that could be used in campaign planning but which does not change quickly; the latter is known as Order of Battle and tactical intelligence detailing enemy dispositions and is gleaned from many of the disciplines, IMINT, HUMINT, and SIGINT.<br />Once gathered, basic intelligence remains more or less permanently useful except for the effect of major engineering projects such as highways, dams and reservoirs.<br />At the same time, Naval Group, China, was tasked with training and equipping Chinese tactical units intended for clandestine operations against Japanese internal garrisons and transportation networks. And finally with setting up observation networks to report on coastal shipping so that the submarines could be guided to attack positions. This book covers the author's activities with one of the Naval sponsored guerilla units.<br />Among all the writing on the multifarious naval activities in China, there is very little on the special operations except for a very scarce and long out of print book prepared as an official report in the forties and later privately published.<br />For other naval personal narratives of WW II China, see Wen Bon and Sampan Sailor, also reviewed on this site.
The author was a technical intelligence officer with the US forces in China. His task was to visit the sites of enemy aircrashes and record all the useful information he could about manufacture and materials. Along with the story of his work he covers his encounters with the Chinese and the sights along the way. <BR>You should also like Sampan Sailor another book reviewed here by myself.
The suthor as a young man during WW II was the director of Technical Intelligence for the British RAF. His book Wizard War (cf) covers this period. <BR>He left service postwar to become a university professor in Scotland. During the Korean War he was recalled to serve again in the government. <BR>This book is the culmination of a lifetime's thinking about the uses and practice of intelligence and is a series of essays rather than a narrative. He also fills in the gaps of some of the stories in his earlier work (known as either Most Secret War or Wizard War c.f.) which could not be filled earlier because of security concerns or out of concern for the personal safety of former British agents still living in Germany.<BR>Another classic which I dip into now and then.
It seems that official history prepared by the various US Government branches and departments is highly prone to being ignored by the mainstream press and even the specialist press concerned with these matters may overlook them. Even though the US Government Printing Office is one of the most professional outfits I know of in preparing and presenting manuscripts, its marketing seems to be greatly lacking. Whether this is due to congressional policy or not I have not a clue.  That said, this book deserves a much wider audience than it appears to have gotten. Even as a serving professional intelligencer I never heard of it when it first came out in 1996. I finally discovered it while browsing the GPO site in 1998 and now I am told it is out of print already. Well, that is a shame, for this is the best overview of process, organizational history, and the effects of intelligence use during WW II that I have seen.  Because many of the methods of aerial reconnaissance are the same regardless of service, the methods given herein are just as relevent to the Navy as to the Army. Because the AF was part of the Army in WW II, the interaction of the air intelligence with that of the Military Intelligence Division of the General Staff is covered thoroughly and the development of the two is brought forward from WW I.  The volume is also valuable in that, in contrast to earlier works, it shows how thoroughly SIGINT was integrated into the total intelligence web and was used in such a manner as not to compromise the source. Thus, whenever, a convoy sailed from Italy to North Africa, the Allies were careful to send out a recon aircraft to spoof the targeted vessels.  Each theatre of operations is covered and the often tangled web of intrigue in the Far East is unraveled at last. Or at least as well as it can be.  It is difficult to imagine that at this late date, there will ever appear a stash of documents that will require this work to be revised. As definitive as we are likely toget on this period. A must for the shelf of the completist student of operations and organization and methods.
This book is also known as the Wizard War.<BR>The author as a relatively young man was the technical intelligence director for the British Royal Air Force in WW II. As such he was involved in the development of active, passive, and counter measures to thwart the German Luftwaffe. <BR>Developments included radars, anti ship missiles,jet engines, defense against buzz bombs, and the jamming of radio navigation systems used by the Germans. <BR>After the war the author returned to Scotland to become a university professor. He returned to service during the Korean War period. His other book Reflections on Intelligence reveals him to be a man of erudition and covers and fills in some of the gaps in the story told herein which could not be revealed at the time this book was written.<BR>Another one for the complete shelf of intelligence classics.
This work was originally prepared in two volumes after the Korean War for use as a textbook at the Army Intelligence School located at Fort Holabird, MD. The first volume was declassified and printed by a commercial firm. The second volume to my knowledge has yet to be released and has attained the mythic reputation akin to that of the erstwhle true history of the British Security Coordination in America during WW II. That volume has just been released with a commentary by Nigel West. The rather embellished work &quot;A Man Called Intrepid&quot; was based loosely on the latter.<BR>But back to the work at hand. Since was prepared almost fifty years ago, and purported to cover everything from the operations overseen by George Washington to the current day, it was necessarly based on what was available at the time. Most of what it was based on has proved in the light of more modern and rigorous scholarship to be pure brag, boast, and BS, especially the memoirs covering the Civil War. As to operations later during the Spanish American and Phillipine wars, there was precious little documentation used. The operations during the Mexican Punitive Expedition and on the border were slighted in a few pages. <BR>Once one gets into living memory (and even much of that was mistaken) it gets much better. The story of operations in France and in the 1930s is as complete as could be done at the time and is based on archival research in part.<BR>But there are several major gaps. Due to security concerns and the emphasis on wartime support of the army in the field, there is nothing on SIGINT, very little on IMINT, and little on Counter Intelligence and HUMINT.<BR>The book is still a must for the serious collection of books on intelligence process and organization. So start using it for the period after 1917 and you will not go far wrong. Ignore all the 19th century material.<BR>A much better overview of the period is &quot;American Espionage: From Secret Service to CIA&quot; by the British scholar Rhodri Jefreys-Jones which does have the advantage of covering SIGINT in WW II and is based in part on archival research.
(...)It is good to see the publisher is now publishing works of finer detail than the early volumes in this series which tried to cover the whole of the US Army and others for the whole period of WW II and other eras. The subject matter is just too vast for such broad treatment and the tactical and environmental conditions so different from theatre to theatre.<BR>As to the content I have perused several works written and or illustrated by Mike Chappell and have found him to be a sound researcher and a meticulous illustrator. I make it a point to buy everything he does covering my period of interest, the Twentieth Century. I have bought almost all of the available works in his personally published series British Soldier in the Twentieth Century. I have yet to find a mistake in his work. <BR>As to the author I have not read much of his work but the table of contents is thorough and covers a mass of material gleaned from obscure official histories that never were widely circulated especially the material on the ETO jacket and other overseas procurements. The major problem with the soldier's clothing and equipment in the Northern European winter was the totally inadequate footwear of a flimsy nature compared to the ammunition boots worn by the British and Canadians and the lack of warm clothing which due to the amazing progress of the campaign across France led to overconfidence that the war would be over before the fall and such clothing would not be needed. So it was not shipped in mid summer but was left in the US or in Britain. Also the shipping priorities were such in France that ammunition and fuel for the vehicles were first. <BR>Though the bombing campaign against the French railways stalled the majority of the German army in the south of France from arriving before Normandy and reinforcing the garrison troops, it was successful to such a degree that the railroads were useless to the Allies and great quantities of fuel had to be used up in the famed Red Ball Express trucking system instead of using it for the attacking forces. Thus the famed Third Army stalled before the German frontier for lack of fuel. And you cannot drive tracked vehicles all the way across France without wearing them out. <BR>All of these factors combined with the worst winter weather in years to stall the Allies short of clearing the sea approaches to Antwerp where they could have had access to a major port and the Allied offensive in the West bogged down until the spring.
This is a reissue by Dover of a classic history and exhibit book. Covers all the major bridges in the New York City area. For both the casually interested and the specialist, the author has mined volumes of engineering periodicals and original records to cover not only the well known crossings such as the Brooklyn, TriBorough and George Washington bridges but also the lesser known aqueduct bridges over the Harlem River between the Bronx and Manhattan, and the railroad bridges; structures not usually featured in postcards and tour books because they do not present spectacular and soaring vistas against the sky. Yet still worthy of admiration for their engineering features.<BR>Worthy addition to the collection of a pontist.
The author makes horizontal sections in time recounting then current household technology. He covers heating, lighting, waste removal, plumbing, and major appliances. <BR>Having grown up in a house built in the twenties and several times modified I am quite familiar with the use of anthracite coal for heating, and regular refuse removal including clinkers from the furnace. I hauled many a ton of coal, basket by basket, to stoke the fire and dragged out many an ash can full as a young lad.<BR>On the other hand my father grew up in a house heated only by the kitchen range and a Franklin stove in the parlor. He was born in 1901.<BR>Later we converted to gas and then moved to a house built in 1878 which also had been upgraded to have showers and gas heat. Up until the forties and fifties we had enormous hot air furnaces which depended on natural convection to distribute heat. Post WW II with the use of forced air heating the size of furnaces shrank to the size of a small wardrobe, instead of taking up half the basement.<BR>This work is not much of a technical history but covers enough to carry the story, tracing from the inventions of the 1700s on. By the 1920s the major equipment of the modern home was all developed but was still to be refined and made automatic with thermostats and regulators. And the general use of central built-in air conditioning was not until the late 1950s. Only a few public buildings had chilled air and most of those were movie palaces and theatres which could not be left open to the natural environment.
The work consists mostly of large format photographs of reenactors wearing original clothing and kit of the period. (Overall size of about 8 by 10 inches.)  It goes much beyond anything else I have seen except the two volume set by Jean Bouchery (c.f.) and includes not just the ordinary battle dress worn by Tommy Atkins and his officers but the specialized kit of parachutists, mountain troops (cold weather gear), motorcyclists, and other unusual garb.<BR>Many of the plates are done in the fashion of the French magazine Militaria which is a highly useful source as well.<BR>Not only is ithis work an identification source; it also  has some developmental history and organigrammes of  front line tactical units.
This should be considered the standard work on the subject of intelligence in the British land forces. The Great War of 1914-1918 was the first modern scientific war. Many modern armaments and techniques of mechanized land warfare and tactical air support first appeared during the conflict. Only a few technical marvels of the WW II and later period did not have antecedents in World War I. A few are jet aircraft, radar, and nuclear weapons.<BR>As to the techniques of modern intelligence of SIGINT and IMINT  from satellites, recognizable ancestors can be found in radio interception, codebreaking, and aerial photographic reconnaissance, all of which were pioneered in WW I.<BR>The eclipse of cavalry patrols by air photographs and the use of aerial photogrammetry for intelligence and mapping led to a post war revolution in national surveys all over the world; changing mapping from a group of men trudging through the brush to draw in topographic details  on field sheets to the use of field parties only to set up triangulation networks and mark control points visible from the air so that detail mapping could be done in comfortable office spaces. These techniques aided by computers are still recognizably used today for mapping vast areas.<BR>Likewise the lack of signal security in the early battles in East Prussia led to the disastrous defeat of the Russian forces at Tannenberg. The Russians broadcast all their operational orders in the clear and the Germans had only to listen in and act accordingly. From then on SIGINT developed rapidly.<BR>Though the US Army had made intercepts of Mexican messages on the border, these activities had little long term effect elsewhere, assuming that the powers even knew of them.<BR>Throughout the war there are numerous examples of &quot;killing the messenger&quot; or ignoring accurate tactical intelligence by commanders when it disagreed with their preconcieved notions. Not a new problem. Hitler and Stalin both did this.<BR>By the end of the war, listening and observation in the battle zone was so good that no communication was supposed to be ever sent in the clear, even seemingly routine supply movements traffic.<BR>At the same time the fixed nature of the Western Front precluded the use of active patrolling and reconnaissance by cavalry or motorized forces after the opening battles in 1914. Thus the British, French, and Belgians developed extensive and overlapping intelligence networks behind the German lines and in Holland. Because Holland was nuetral it was quite feasible to run agents from Britain on regularly scheduled ferries in the North Sea. Train watching was a basic technique in tracking German unit movements.<BR>This book is based on intensive research in many collections of private papers and public records in Britain and elsewhere. Although the official records of the British had been extensively weeded, this was not true of the private collections and of course, after the US entered the war, there are many documents in our National Archives of relevence. The author has also mined many reminiscences and memoirs both published and unpublished plus official histories.
Good as We Can Expect This Long After the Game. Though there have been several books which cover the AIB as a subject or parts of their operations, published since WW II, including one by General MacArthur's Chief of G-2, Charles Willoughby, most of them are sparse on documentation and are of the nature of personal narratives. Some interesting works have been published on some operations including the raids on Singapore and the Coastwatchers in the Solomons, but this is the first one I am aware of published by an academic publisher and written from the Australian viewpoint. The author with the aid of grants has combed all the relevent archives: The US National Archives, the Public Records Office of Great Britain and the Australian forces records. <BR>The AIB was a joint intelligence operation which had widespread antecedents. It was formed in 1942 under Gen. Douglas MacArthur's command from the remnants of many prewar intelligence units, including  British operatives who escaped from Singapore, US personnel who escaped from the Phillipines and various others from Australia, New Zealand, and sent out from the States.  This is an administrative history, not a collection of derring do stories, but has a large sampling of operational history which should interest the special operations student.<BR> Judging from the price, few were printed for general sale, but more for the practicioner and the serious student of SIGINT, covert, and other operations and their value in modern warfare. Though AIB cooperated with the US Army and Navy SIGINT and operational intelligence units sent there, it was an integrated unit collecting, analyzing and disseminating tactical and operational intelligence primarily to the troop units in the field and the fleet units under MacArthur's SW Pacific Area command.<BR>There is a web site concerning WW II in Australia which details the locations of all the signal intercept stations, analysis unit locations and support units.
I am not going to repeat all the arguments given above on whether or not the Lemnitzer group was right or wrong or the other revelations in this book. I have my opinions but having spent my adult hood in the period since 1960 can remember the Red Scare when I was a child in the forties and fifties, I can see on both sides.<BR>What I feel comfortable with is the increasing realization at Fort Meade that they must explain to the US taxpayers and the world just what they are up to and whether or not they should be doing it now that the Cold War at least is over and we have a new series of international problems. Can they help or not? And without violating the Constitution and the general public's sense of fairness. All this is addressed and is well set out. Finally there is alot of information on the complex and the field units and some of the past triumphs and failures which is of interest. Together with the author's previous book Puzzle Palace, this is about as much as we will get on our national SIGINT until 40 years on when today's activities can be revealed in detail.
This is the essential history of cryptography at least through WW II. But of course, at the time it was published none of the ULTRA and Enigma decrypts had been released. And since the original hard book edition had become a rare book... it needed to be reprinted: the paperback had been excised of much of the material in the notes. All that said, when I first heard that this second edition was to come out, I eagerly sought it out. But I returned it the next day. The only new material is a short superficial chapter added at the end. None of the former text has been changed and the new material is simply not worth it since I have the first hardback. If you want more on ULTRA and the others there are a number of excellent books on both cryptography and SIGINT operations published since. And after all crytography is just a game unless the results can be applied in real time to affect events.
The author was a cryptographer working out of Australia during WWW II. This is his personal narrative and an operational history combined. Not definitive because at the time of writing much documentation remained to be declassified. A worthwhile addition to a SIGINT collection.
Essentially that title sums it up. The problem with most of these kinds of books is they cover every facet of the performer's life (and Jewel has had a more interesting one than most) but they are too close in time and too enthusiastic to be definitive on the career of someone who is clearly talented and articulate but has a long way to go to develop to the level of those whom we will remember a hundred years on. This is a source on a life in progress not anywhere near a final word and analysis.
When the gag order was finally lifted circa 1970 on the Bletchley Park operations, a lot of scientific, historical, and technical histories appeared. And there was a great hue and cry among military and political historians that the whole history of the British and American war against Hitlerian Germany would have to be rewritten. Well, much of that has been proven to be just hyperbole but it is generally agreed that the war was shortened by about two years. But the closer the Allies got to Germany the less role Bletchley played for the German forces used landlines for most strategic communications from mid 1944 on. Also they had another machine known as FISH which was not as easily read as Enigma. This book is a collection of personal narratives of life at Bletchley and how tedious most of the work there was, no matter how essential. Harry Hinsley, one of the authors, was a &quot;whiz kid&quot; recruited directly from university and after the war became a professor without ever completing his studies. Over the years he has written the monumental multivolume official history of British intelligence operations in WW II and many historical papers. Alan Stripp, was one of the original operatives and served for many years.
There were four Regular Army regiments recruited after the Civil War from the veterans of the US Colored Troops raised for war service. Two were infantry, the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, and two Cavalry, the Ninth and Tenth. The Tenth Cavalry was  mostly stationed in the west to keep order among the Native Americans who called them Buffalo Soldiers. There has been a continuing great interest in the deeds and motivations of these men in the face of rampant prejudice and social seperation. The Tenth's service has been perpetuated in the present order of battle of the US Army and there still is an active 10th Cavalry though it is now integrated. <BR>This 1899 book was long out of print and the original is now a collectible. This facsimile reprint edition, with a new introduction added, should interest all those who study the War with Spain. In addition to a few introductory chapters on Negro's service from the Revolution to the Civil War, and a chapter each on the other three Black regiments, the book gives most coverage to the Tenth in Cuba. The 9th and 10th flanked the famous 1st Volunteer Cavalry, the &quot;Rough Riders&quot; at San Juan. <BR>The original also has a commendatory introduction by the Cavalry Division commanding officer &quot;Fighting Joe&quot; Wheeler, who had been a Confederate officer in the Civil War. Most of the book is a collection of personal narratives interspersed with interviews with other commanders. <BR>As an aside, Lt. John J. Pershing, later commander of the Punitive Expedition in 1916 and then the AEF in France, got his nickname &quot;Black Jack&quot; from his service with the Tenth.
Essentially that title sums it up. The problem with most of these kinds of books is they cover every facet of the performer's life  but they are too close in time and too enthusiastic to be definitive on the career of someone who is clearly talented and articulate but has a long way to go to develop to the level of those whom we will remember a hundred years on. This is a source on a life in progress not anywhere near a final word and analysis.<BR>This review will serve as well for the second edition when it is listed here.
The Sixth US Cavalry Regiment was organized in 1861 at Yorktown, VA, for service in the Regular Army during the Civil War. After the war, it served on the frontier and was in the Cavalry Division organized in 1898 for the invasion of Cuba. This was the division which also included the Black 9th and 10th Cavalry, and the 1st US Cavalry. The 1st US Volunteer Cavalry was also there. This book gives an outline history of the regiment through the years with most emphasis on the Civil War. Because most of the books were destroyed in a fire, this has been one of the scarcest...unit histories until this much needed reprint by this private press. With a short introduction by John M. Carroll, the well known historian of the Indian Wars, this fills a gap in many collections.
The Tenth Cavalry was one of the two Black Cavalry regiments recruited after the Civil War from the veterans of the US Colored Troops. The unit was mostly stationed in the west to keep order among the Native Americans who called them Buffalo Soldiers. There has been a great interest in the deeds and motivations of these men in the face of rampant prejudice and social seperation. The unit's service has been perpetuated in the present order of battle of the US Army and there still is a 10th Cavalry though now integrated. This book was one of many published by both Regular Army, National Guard, and  other units commemerating their service through the years. It was long out of print and was reprinted about thirty years ago by a private publisher in Fort Collins, Colo. That has become a collectible as well. This edition should interest all those who study the Indian Wars and the War with Spain and the Philippine War. The unit did not serve in France but patrolled the Mexican border from Fort Huachucha, AZ and had gone into Mexico in 1916 with the Punitive Expedition where a patrol clashed with Carranzista troops, resulting in the deaths of both the Mexican and US commanders and the dispersal and capture of many of the troopers. They were returned eventually to El Paso and the whole incident was smoothed over by cool heads.
Having read this book when it first came out some years ago, I read it from my professional viewpoint, that of a user of finished and raw intelligence,in order to make decisions as to how to proceed with a program. The recurring theme throughout is that the Allied Powers, through a lack of understanding of the political dynamics and capabilities of the weak Ottoman Empire, made a series of major mistakes which pushed the Turks into an alliance with the Central Powers, even though for centuries, the Austro Hungarian Empire and its predecessors had been fighting and quarreling with the Empire in the border zone which covers modern day Bosnia, Macedonia, Serbia, and other Balkan countries. At the time Bulgaria had only been independent since the late 1870s, Greece since the 1820s (remember Lord Byron et all) and the Turks had fought a major war with Russia in the 1870s. The unrest in Armenia which broke out after the Turks entered the war (Armenia straddles the Russo-Turkish area) led to pogroms and ethnic cleansing during the Great War. All of this bloodshed could have been avoided if the &quot;Young Turks&quot; (the reformers) had been left to carry out their programs. After the war when the Allied Powers divvied up the Middle East, the result was frustration of the Arabs' legitimate desires for self-government in Palestine and Syria, and the introduction of the Zionist colonies led to more unrest. Finally, the Greek Turkish War of the early 20s led to a huge migration and the permanent impoverishment of the Greek economy for many years. Add in the brutal King Zog of Albania and an ineffective bunch of other nation's royals and the situation was even more unstable up until 1940s. Then many years of Communist rule imposed stability until the death of Tito and the disintegration of Yougoslavia. The result seventy years on is the current ethnic strife in the Balkans.
Forty years ago when I was an undergraduate I had an abiding interest in the &quot;Roof of the World.&quot; the Himalayas and the Sinkiang and Tibetan areas. I was introduced to it by reading Heinrich Harrar's Seven Years in Tibet. I wentback and reread the accounts of Franc and Jean Bowie Shor which had appeared in the National Geographic in the late 40s. Also when I was a child I had read Lowell Thomas's account of his 1949 visit to Tibet in the Saturday Evening Post. Later when I took a job as a cartographer with the Army Map Service for a while I was assigned the area to keep up with. Nepal and India particularly. By then the high Asia area had been long closed to western travelers by the Red Chinese. For a few years in the late forties just after WW II there was a period of open borders when the Chinese Civil War was being settled and the areas mentioned were still friendly to westerners. Even in the midst of the war the American OSS had sent an expedition to Lhasa to explore opening a land supply route to China from India. While I was still studying geography, the Indo Chinese War of 1962 broke out along the narrow neck of India where then East Pakistan juts northward and almost cuts off the Northeast Frontier provinces. The war had been provoked by Indian government posturing, whose foreign minister V.K. Krishna Menon, a left wing appeaser, disagreed with the Army and their intent to reinforce themselves. The dispute with China had been provoked by Indian vague border claims inherited from the British in the area of Ladakh, which is way to the west of Tibet and south of Sinkiang. This &quot;border&quot; was shown on most maps with a dotted line which meant that it was a claim not a line of control. Neither the British or the Indians had ever patrolled or garrisonned Ladakh. The whole area is a cold barren plateau about as infertile as the Mohave desert. The only reason to want it is that the Chinese had constructed a road across the claimed area from Sinkingto Tibet in order to facilitate their occupation of the latter. Although this is a mighty roundabout way to get to Lhasa from China proper, considering the expense of building a road across the folded mountains of the &quot;Hump&quot; it made sense. When the Indians started posturing and barking about this intrusion into their claimed lands, the Chinese swiftly invaded directly south from Tibet through Sikkim and gave the Indian Army a bloody setback. Having proved their point they then withdrew. Now comes the setting for this story. Among several nations who were sympathetic to the Tibetan's aspirations was the US and the CIA. That story of their support is covered elsewhere. However, the long snaky shaped nation of Nepal lies between India and Tibet. On the northern flank and part of Nepal is a bump on the map which is the Kingdom of Mustang. There are books about it also. This area being lower in altitude and the border being porous was an ideal location for air strips supplying the Tibetan resistance and a jumping off point for land expeditions against the Red Army. Though all this had to be kept quiet, the Mustang border was widely recognized if undemarcated so the Red Chinese could not for international political reasons move in there permanently. Now we come to the story told in this book. Before the development of high flying reconnaissance aircraft such as the U2 there were few planes available that could fly over the area clandestinely and not be spotted. As mapping runs require a regular pattern of repetitive flights, the activity is both apparent and readily vulnerable to attack. In any case the use of US planes was not possible and there were no air bases near either. So the only way to find anything out was to sneak and peek. The author was a British mountaineer who mounted a small expedition to Mustang. While passing through India he was secretly contacted by Indian Army intelligence and asked to dash over the border and check out a town which contained a Chinese garrison. While doeing so he was captured, jailed, and then set free to hike over the mountains in the winter. The book recounts his experiences in some detail and having been written many years later when most of the other players are long dead, has been able to be frank in his opinions.
This is well presented, well edited, well set up book. Thorough on the problems created by modern computer based cryptography. Why then, only three stars. Frankly because it is not for the mildly curious general reader. And I am still trying to decipher how public key cryptography works.:)
When this book came out in the early 80s it was the first thoroughly researched and non sensationalist treatment of our most obscure intelligence agency. Though it is now history and no longer current events. It still stands up as a reference but much has been revealed and released to the National Archives by the NSA since. Still valuable but not indispensible. Bamford's latest work on the same subject was done with much cooperation with the NSA directors of the last few years. Since the changes in cryptography and the end of the Cold War, this book has been overtaken by events.
This is a well written adaptation of the screen play for the episodes which cover the beginning of the Drakh war and the transition from B5 to the new series.
This book is part of a series of books that has been coming out now for many years. They consist of an article section, a trends in cutlery section (with lots of artfully done photos, and a directory section of the cutlery collectible trade and custom makers, etc. I have the whole run and look at them now and again for reference.
I was a geographic specialist concerned with the mapping of Africa from 1964 to my retirement in 1998. I well remember the high hopes we once had that the newly freed Africans would be able to develop and join the developed world on equal terms. The author, of African heritage himself, has covered in great detail what went wrong. Resulting in the current anarchial state of affairs,with international and civil wars, ethnic cleansing, and economic ruin. With the end of the Cold War and the cutting back of aid from the First and Second Worlds, the Third is greatly the worse for it. This is a dam sad book and I never could finish it.
How often does one read a book so much that it might come apart? Well this is such a one. It is so relevent to what I have been researching for the last many years that I gladly bought it for full retail when it was first published rather than wait for a remainder sale or the paperback. I was a pecunios person in the sixties!.   Now as to the value of this book. Clendenen has written two monumental works concerning the Mexican Border. He began his military career riding the border just after WW I. After his retirement he went on to earn his post graduate degrees. His majpr work \\"The United States and Pancho Villa\\" is a voluminous study of three years and a half of political relations. 1913 to 1915, the period of the Mexican Civil War. It work appears to be his reworked dissertation.   This book is much different from his first. It is a well sourced book written for the general reader. The whole gamut of U.S. Mexican border incidents from the conquest of 1846 to 1923 is covered herein.   One of the most valuable features is the extensive bibliography listing many popular magazinws of the time. The author mined thoroughly several major \\"big slicks\\"--general interest magazines  for contemporary reporting and commentary. I have been extending this mining work since to others not listed therein.. The author used such once famous periodicals as \\"The Saturday Evening Post\\", \\"World's Work\\" and \\"Collier's\\". Each chapter is exceptionally well written and concise and reads well. This book compares well with \\"Intervention\\" by John S.D. Eisenhower(c.f. my review). That book covers a much shorter period.   Clendenen cover the entire period from  the days when the Border was established to just after the First World War with the majority on Mexian Revolution qhich began in 1911. The general reader can well find much of interest on border raiders, bandits, and the Mexican Punitive Expedition commanded by Gen John J. Pershing.   It is a pity this was ever allowed to go out of print.It was included in the fine series \\"Wars of the United States\\" published by MacMillan.
Having a long time interest in this subject, both vocational and avocational, I find this book to be a good summation of the conflicts generated by the varying war aims of the two major  powers, that of FDR being to liberate captive nations, and that of Churchill to restore the empire, which of course, meant also setting the French and Dutch back in their old places.   There is little reason to go into much detail here, the subject has been covered in other books such as \\"Allies of A Kind\\" and \\"OSS in China\\" (c.f. my reviews).   One of the more interesting parts desribes the situation when the Australians realized that even though they hsd come to the aid of Britain in the Near East and Africa, when they needed help the British were unable to give it, and the Aussies had to turn eastward to the US as their principal ally and supplier.   To sum up, the title indicates what this is--a high level study at the governmental and theatre level and not a bunch of thrilling operational tales of behind the lines \\"sneak and peek.\\"
I must admit my bias right up front. The authors previous book \\"Border Fury\\" combining a photo study of the Revolution itself  with a history of the postcard industry, drew heavily on my collection of period postcards. That one was excellently done by the UNM Press and so is this one.   This covers the many phases of the Mexican Revolution in the northeast around Matamoros, right across the Rio Grande del Norte from Brownsville, Texas. Located as it is downstream from the Big Bend country and seperated by mountains from the central  valley of Mexico between the two main chains which run north and south, this area was little settled on either side until the Anglos built a railway to the border around 1900.   With the opening of access to markets for tropical agricultural crops in the North this semi tropical area began to fill up with Anglo towns on the north side of the river. This area became known as the Lower Valley to distinguish it from the El Paso, Juarez area known as the Upper Valley. The sparsely settled country had always been a hotbed of banditry, dominated by the enormous King Ranch, which was almost as large as Delaware.   Race relations were typical of the times, in a word, bad. The area was politically dominated by the cacique or patron (godfather) system. If you have seen the film \\"Lone Star\\" with Kris Kristofferson and Chris Cooper, you will see that things had not changed much by the fifties, the period of the film.   Social unrest, and border raids were exacerbated by the unsettled conditions south of the River; although campaigning in the area was not decisive in the outcome of the Mexican Revolution. Some fighting took place between Villistas and Carranzistas in 1914 and 1915.   The notorious Plan of San Diego, calling for reconquest of the old area of New Spain taken in the Mexican War and a general massacre of all Anglo males over the age of puberty, became a highly charged issue between Anglos and Chicanos. This fantastic plot was taken seriously by the Anglos and the Texas Rangers became highly feared as they carried out a race war to keep down the Chicano population.   Right in the midst of these doings was Robert Runyon, a professional photographer located in Brownsville.  Probably the most famous image of his atelier was one taken after the Norias raid (a group of bandits laid siege to a remote ranchhouse) in which a mounted Ranger is shown dragging away the corpse of one of the raiders at the end of a rope. {ublicztion of this photo as a postcard and in the press made a sensation as it was not apparent in the photo that this event was not a typical lynching.   This book can be read with interest both by the general reader, the photo historian, and the local historian. It is a well made book typical of those sponsored by the Texas State Historical Association.
This book  is part of a series of  books that has been coming out now for many years. They consist of an article section, a trends in cutlery section (with lots of artfully done photos, and a directory section of the cutlery collectible trade and custom makers, etc. I have the whole run and look at them now and again for reference.
While researching in the State Department files on the activities of George Cupples Carothers, who was the US State Department representative accompanying the army of Pancho Villa (Division del Norte) in 1914 and 1915, I kept coming across telegrams and reports signed \\"Cobb\\". Cobb was the US Collector of Customs at El Paso, TX, and El Paso was the hub of US intelligence gathering, a main base for reporters, and the main port of entry for supplies and munitions going south to Villa's forces as they moved toward Mexico City in opposition to the Federalistas under Gen Huerta.   Likewise, it was the point for the export of Mexican products north whose sale was vital to the support of Villa's forces. Thus Cobb held the valve which could stop the flow of goods in both directions.   As it was, Cobb, an appointee of Woodrow Wilson, was an enemy of Villa, but so long as the Wilson administration did not choose to recognize one of the two contending Constitionalist leaders, Villa, or Carranza,and there were State Department observers with both factions in the North, Cobb had to let the pipeline flow, though once, he was able to choke off Villa's advance by holding up trainloads of coal for Villa's trains.   As Villa's fortunes waned after the battles in early 1915 and he began his long retreat north, Cobb became more and more active in intelligence matters. Judging from the traffic he acted as a de facto reciever of messages from others as well as gleanings from his own network.   This was entirely ex officio as the Treasury Department had no intel functions then except for gathering information on smuggling. It appears Cobb was one of those fellows who gravitated to the action and was unwilling to sit by and count rail cars as they rattled across the Rio Grande to Cuidad Juarez.   There is much traffic in the State Department files signed by Cobb concerning the hunt for Villa after he dispersed his forces in late 1915 subsequent to the defeat at Agua Prieta, Sonora. Villa'sforces finally reappeared to raid Columbus, New Mexico, on March 9, 1916, thus precipitating the Punitive Expedition led by John J. Pershing.  Cobb fell out of political favor in El Paso after his term and left for California where he spent the remainder of his life.   This study is everything I wanted to know about Cobb and now I will not have to write him up. :)
Since the collecting of antique knives (defined as those no longer in production and made before 1970) has developed in the last thirty some years, there have been many reference items published from the pioneer work of Robert L. Mays and others who reprinted original manufacturer's sales catalogs to those who have made detailed check lists of one or more long defunct products. One of the major criteria for collecting is that there must be enough surviving specimens to make a market. Thus, exceeding rare in numerical terms private brand and hardware wholesaler brands are not as highly desirable as the products of quality makers such as Remington, Winchester, and Case, who have made millions. Since knives were mostly bought to be used, not collected, the survival rate of these is high enough but not too high, especially in desirable condition. This book covers the field for the beginner but is still useful for those who collect other than the big three mentioned and want to know how to get started. It covers the history of manufacturers and the various brands they made. There are useful chapters on grading, on how to behave at knife shows, and how to spot fakes. The several editions of the work have stood the test of time. Specialists will need others. The listings herein are enough to get one started on a fascination hobby.
This book has chapters on many of the quality but lesser known  American cutlery brands along with extensive check lists and illustrations. It does the same for many straight razor makers. For those who collect the brands covered herein, this book is essential.
One of the problems in Mexican bibliography is sorting out the difference between memoirs, autobiographies, and novels (novelas) In many cases works such as Nellie Campobello's Cartucho, Guzman's Eagle and the Serpent, and others which have become famed in norteamericano literary circles and praised as fiction are indeed thinly disguised autobiographical memoirs. The custom of writing one's memoirs was not a strong one in Mexico in this period and the usage of calling them novelas is strong; while Anglos are allowed a certain amount of embellishment and self editing and can still publish memoirs, the Mexicans usually consider that any embellishment, omission, or editing makes a work a novela. Only in the case of verbatim transcription of letters and diaries is the usage diario to be found. What all this means is that many of the Mexican works commonly considered by the norteamericano literati to be novels are really memoirs as we here north of the border define them. Many of such works are therefore of considerable historical value even though presented in a sketchy and impressionistic manner. And historical and contemporary reporting and commentaries which do not purport to cover the author's motivations and actions legitimately do not fall into the novel- or novela group as defined either by Anglos or Latinos. The work here reviewed is therefore full of such broad reaching works and includes many items missed in earlier compilations which are long obsolete. Any serious researcher in this period will find this work useful.
The editors are well known scholars specializing in the intelligence history of the period since 1940 with additional forays into the earlier periods. This is a gathering of essays by various specialist academics in the period. Thus assuming one has an interest in the subjects the editors assume that the general background of the subjects discussed are already known to the reader. Anglo American SIGINT, the OSS/SOE connection, the Venona intercepts and the unmasking of Alger Hiss, Harry Dexter White, and the defection of Igor Gouzenko are just some of the subjects analyzed in depth herein. This is a book for the specialist, not for the general reader, as are most of the publisher's works.
This is a reissue of a book that I first read in the late sixties and it was old then. There have been many weighty works on the life and times of Villa produced since. The main advantage of this one is that when it was written the author was able to interview a lot of old timers who had known Villa. The only contempories of his still living were children then. Since the book is rather popular in character and not a scholarly work, it can be read with pleasure but only the completist and the specialist collector need it. I would recommend John S.D. Eisenhower and others that I have reviewed here as much more historically sound. On the other hand the Recent Book by Fredrich Katz is more than the average curious reader will want to read. Even as a specialist I found it more useful as a reference than as a straight through read.
This is an interesting account of one Anglo settler family and the impact of the Revolution on their lives. Most accounts are of participants, seldom do we get those of victims.
Most every researcher and writer on this period has made great use of the State Department Consular and Diplomatic files in the National Archives and other foreign based collections. This makes great sense as the majority of them are literate in English first and Spanish second. It also makes sense for an Anglo who needs some explication, because a Mexican reporting to a Mexican does not have to explain  \\"Mexicanness\\" --things peculiar to his culture. Reporters and travelers for centuries have been doing the comparative bit. That is why people read travel books, to gain insight into other cultures.   The second reason for the past emphasis on \\"Yanqui\\" sources has been access. Many of the participants in the revolution lived very long lives and the political and personal animosities of the time lasted for some forty years after. It was their history, and they were understandably and justifiably sensitive about Anglos poking around in it.   It was not until the 1960s that Pancho Villa himself was officially recognized as a hero of the Revolution, but even then, due to  still existent sensitivities, an equestrian statue erected in Chihuahua, based on a photograph of Villa on a rampant horse, had facial features deliberately distorted by the sculptor so as not to be Villa's likeness even though everyone knew the sculpture was in memory of Villa. I understand the files of the Mexican Ministry of Defense have yet to be opened to anyone for research.   Fortunately that particular lack of access is not an insurmountable problem as many of the survivors who came out on top kept extensive personal archives. And so many of the dispatches, orders, and reports can be found in them. This is exactly what the author has been able to do. By making use of all the civil and personal archives that he could get to, he has constructed a Mexican view of the events of the time covered.   In so doing he has set out to disprove a great misconception held at the time and in years to come by both the US government and the American public that the Carranzista government's forces were not just uncooperative with the Punitive Expedition (which was true) but that they either were complicit or active conspirators in helping hide Villa from Pershing's pursuit. The author has satisfactorily proven that the latter hypothesis is false.   The Carranzistas constantly fought major and minor battles with the Villistas but were hampered by a loose system of command, a sometime lack of supplies, and the necessity of garrisoning various towns, thus exposing themselves to the same conditions of vulnerability to surprise attack as the inhabitants of Columbus, NM, had been in. The only major town Villa was close to capture during this phase of La Revolucion, was after a battle with Carranzistas in which he was greviously wounded in the leg and was an invalid for some months.  In the fall of 1915 after the Villistas had been repeatedly defeated by forces commanded by Alvaro Obregon and driven back from near Mexico City to the border of Arizona, the Wilson gernments recognized the Carranzistas as the legitimate government of Mexico. Before this the US government had stood neutral between the two sides. Even though Carranza was now officially recognized, hw remained jast as prickly and hostile as he had been before. He was most insistent on the prerogatives he felt were due to a sovereign nation; this included the right to be left alone and not subject to bullying by his northern neighbor. This attitude attributed to Wilson is summed up in the pronunciomento, 'We must teach these Mexicana to elect good men.\\" (Yeah, right, and what about Jim Crow in the US?) And Carranza's government being subject to humiliating arms embargoes and supply restrictions. Even though the Wilson government allowed Carranza's troop trains to pass through to Arizona from Texas, he considered that passage, which broke Villa's siege to be a right owed by one sovereign nation to another.   On the otherhand, Villa, who had consistently acted as a friend to the United States, was justifiably enraged, at this betrayal by those whom he had considered friends.    Carranza for his part, was no mellower than before, not wanting Amercan help in dealing with what he considered to be the Mexicans' business. To the Americans he appeared to be ungrateful for the \\"favor\\" of recognition.  What has been obscured ever since.  This is the Carranzista's continuing major efforts to deal on their own, actively and effectively with the remnants of Villa's once powerful army, were two unfortunate major clashes between American pursuers and Carranzista government forces--the armed opposition at Parral to any further southward penetration which ended active pursuit of the Villistas and resulted to withdraeal northward of American forces, their consolidation,  and the beginning of months of dull occupation, punctuated by cavalry patrolling; second, a clash at Carrizal between a detachment of the Tenth Cavalry and the Carranzista garrison, resulting from the US commander's insistance on passing eastward through the town in defiance of First Chief Carranza's dictum that the only direction US forces could go was north. The incident ended in the rout of the Tenth's troopers, the deaths of the US and Mexican commanders and others.   Full scale war was demanded by American interventionists (many of whom were major capitalists). General conflict almost ocurred but cooler heads prevailed, having realized that invasion and occupation of all Mexico in pursuit of a handful of dispersed raiders was not only ridiculous but unattainable without years of strife.   (There are obvious parallels between that time and ours. Wilsonian meddling in other country's affairs is not a thing of the past).   So the author has done a great service in mining the Mexican records, and tied them together with a general narrative that sets the scene for the detailed story of the period. In addition, he writes with a commendable clarity and preciseness that is often lacking in scholarly works.
Having met one of the authors of this work while mining some of the same sources in the files of the National Archives, I can say that I appreciate the shrewd and incisive way they have pulled together diverse sources from many depositories to cover some of the more obscure facets of the &quot;Border Days&quot;. The books is an omnium gatherum of a number of articles published in various scholarly journals known mostly to specialists in the period. Much of the detail of the gun running and undercover operations was gleaned from files of the Customs, the Immigration, the Army, the Bureau of Investigation, and the State Department. <BR>Of all the tales that needed to be told is the discovery of the famous saddlebags lost by the Villista forces during the Columbus Raid in March 1916, which raid triggered the Punitive Expedition commanded by John J. Pershing and indirectly led to Pershing's eventual field command in France of the American Expeditionary Force. <BR>Later in June 1916 the entire National Guard of the United States was called up for border service. Thus again contributing to the US successful intervention in WW I. And the Army gained experience in motor transport and management. All of this has led to a current appreciation that Pancho Villa, in a moment of desperation, indirectly had a major impact on the defeat of the Central Powers. <BR>The other major revelation herein, and the only story included which made the national papers, particularly USA Today, is the discussion of the carrying off of Pancho Villa's skull in the mid 20s, and the supposed deposition of that object in the clubhouse of the famous Yale University Skull and Bones secret society. (Some of the most prominent members of the society have been the George Bushes, father and son.) But the secret of Villa's cranium has yet to be confirmed.:) After all, that is the purpose of a secret society -- to keep secrets. So, if you have a scholarly interest or just a curiousity about the more obscureaspects of the border running days, this book is your meat. A husky meal of research and well written as well.
This is an interesting work, but not to the public at large. It is part narrative and part biographic bits. Thus it is more of a reference work than a story book or something intended to be read straight through. I have had it for some years now and have consulted it occasionally but never felt the need to read it through as I have others. It covers a great number of extranjeros (strangers or foreigners) who for one reason or another appeared on the stage or in the wings of the Revolution. Some sought gold, some adventure, some glory, some fought for a cause, some reported; the only common thing was they were not born in Mexico. Even so, many died there.
This book is concerned with the organized efforts of the Villistas to influence public and governmental opinion in \\"El norte\\", the big source of arms and cash needed for mounting an organized military campaigns. During the struggle against the usurper Huerta, and the subsequent fractionating of the revolutionary movement into Carranzistas, Villistas, and Zapatistas, Viila was still popular with the American public.  Of the three major groups of adherents, no one really controlled many of the local chieftans and the allegiances and loyalties of many of the local warlords changed as advantage shifted from the Villistas in early 1915 to the Carranzistas led by Alvaro Obregon.   By the fall of 1915 Villa's troops had been thoroughly defeated at Agua Prieta, Sonora, by Gen. Calles, and subsequently had dispersed into the hills, emerging in March to attack Columbus, NM. By that time the propaganda battle had been lost as well and his  press organizations had been dispersed.   In summary, this is a highly detailed study meant for the specialist and not for the general public. For that I still recommend John S.D. Eisenhower's book. See my review on this site.
The book is ten years old. Since it was published, there have been much more detailed works on satellite imagery and the new stealth aircraft. Whatever this contains on overhead reconnaissance sattellites was based on guess and informed speculation. As far as the knowledge of the Corona (see books) KH-4 program of the sixties, all has now been revealed in three major books and in numerous news accounts of the operations of the once black National Reconnaissance Office.
This is a group of personal narratives of veterans of the US Navy Amphibious Force of WW II. These are the bluejackets who stood up under fire in the assault waves carrying the soldiers to the beach and without hesitation went back for more. This has the kind of first hand detail seldom found elsewhere or in news accounts on how it actually was to trim ship, beach, and handle the Landing Ship, Tank (LST) and the small ones which they carried along. LCVPs, LCVP(R), the Higgins boats developed by the Marine Corps for beach assault, that were so highly praised by Eisenhower LSTs are flat bottomed so they can be run up on a beach to unload. They are shaped like a bathtub in cross section, have a high freeboard and a shallow draft; you can readily imagine how they roll unmercifully in any sea condition above a gentle breeze.  No gracefull hull configuration like that of the Iowa class of battleships, the last of their kind in service. LSTs have proved to be much more durable than first planned. Many \\"soldier\\" on in tropical backwatrs. (You think I maybe should say \\"sailor\\" on? No such expression in my lexicon! :o))  The sailors picked up their LSTs just downstream from Pittsburgh, Pa, sailed down the Ohio to the Missisippi and thence via the Gulf and the Atlantic to Britain. After the June Normandy invasion many LSTs sailed to Italy and North Africa for the Southern France invasion. Then some went around to the Pacific and landed at Leyte, Luzon, and Okinawa, and went to China after the war.   All of this trave; in a high sided, flat-bottomed. prone to rolling,and slow tub. One narrative described the crossing of the Rhine River, for which cosl shovel shaped LCMs were trucked across Belgium and France into Germany. They also helped assemble the pontoon bridges on which the Army crossed.   This is one small part of the huge story of how the personal efforts of millions combined with American industrial might, training and organizational skills enabling the United States to project its national power clear aroound the world. Nothing like this massive effort has been seen since. Even the great British Navy needed to be equipped with US built landing craft and landing ships, being unable to turn them out in necessary quantities.
I will not repeat what John DiBello said above. He covers well what the book contains.  My real beef is not the contents of the book which was written by a man who spent time every day on the set chatting up everyone from the producers to the propmen and grips, and certainly spent more time over seven years, than did any of the producers who came and went over the years.   My beef is with the unfulfilled promise of a definitive work on the development of the characters and the story line. Yet the organization is chronological, and the only index is that of the episodes in the order aired.   So if you want to trace all the episodes concerning Tora Ziyal, for example, an important and beloved secondary guest character, you have to spend a lot of time flipping back and forth. It is really essential that you have the Star Trek Encyclopedia close at hand (and reading that sitting in an arm chair, at the same time you are reading this one, you might be crushed by the two.:oD)   In other words, what I want and from such a work, is the themes, the byplay, the threads that recur throughout the stories.  I think the Babylon Five guides are excellently procedure. (c.f.my reviews)  So far, one has yet to beat the episode summaries published in the annual double issues of Cinefastique magazine, and the thematic articles therein for details and analysis.   This book is a mine of information, but it is not readily accessible. Even a character index would have helped. That and a players index and  a staff index would have taken up only a few pages out of 800 plus.   And publishing the entire work in two parts would certainly have helped my arms from cramping. ;o{
This is a book that will stand forever as a developmental history.  Having just reviewed the other three works in this set, I am surprised that no one has thought themselves competent to review this one. Competence or its lack does not seem to deter some reviewers. :) Mine comes from two sources, one I have been collecting and studying this materiel since I was a boy. Second, I was there in the fifties. Went in in 1956, just three years after the Korean War was over, so the ranks of NCOs and officers were full of vets. Much of the service slang of the time such as \\"Chogy\\"  which means hustle, hustle, quick step, came from that conflict.   But this is not a combat history, it is an account of the US Army Quartermaster Corps reaction to the combat conditions in the Cold-Wet Climate and sub arctic conditions of Korea, first, and northern Europe secondly. Germany has a miserable winter climate.   It is much easier to maintain one's health in very cold dry conditions in the arctic and subarctic than  to  be in cold freeze thaw daily conditions with snow and mud mixed. In Korea when continental cold waves came in these cold dry conditions ocurred but the general effect of the sea surrounding moderated it from excruciating pain to just plain miserably nasty. And in the Korean Summer the continental climate baked you.   So all of this is thoroughly discussed herein. This is not a picture book of what the soldier looked like in the field. See the many by Johnathan Gawne and Philip J. Langelier for that sort of thing. I have reviewed most of them so look them up.    Stanton was a serving officer in Vietnam and when he did his research he had access to the working files at the Army's Natick Laboratory in Masachusetts. He has used all the specifications and drawings that were published. Plus many, many official and personal photographs. In combination with his other works he has covered everything from 1939 to 1975. His complete ouevre includes WW II, Korea, Cold War, and Vietnam. I wish he would continue with the Modern Volunteer Army from 1975 on.
The other reviewers above have missed the point of this work. This is not a picture book of what the soldier looked like in the field. See the many by Johnathan Gawne and Philip J. Langelier for that sort of thing. I have reviewed most of them so look them up. This is a book that will stand forever as a developmental history. Stanton was a serving officer in Vietnam and when he did his research he had access to the working files at the Army's Natick Laboratory in Masachusetts to consult. He has used all the specifications and drawings that were published. Plus many, many official and personal photographs. In combination with his other works he has covered everything from 1039 to 1975. His complete ouevre includes WW II, Korea, Cold War, and Vietnam. I wish he would continue with the Modern Volunteer Army from 1975 on.
A major collecting field today is clothing and equipment.  This is the third edition of a book I have had in my library for a number of years. It is an excellent set of images of models wearing the clothing and equipment recreations of soldiers as they appeared during various time periods of the Vietnam War.   Vietnam servic3 for the typical serving soldier was a one year tour, he would be not be cognizant of the changes that occured over the war's course. And the vast majority would not have cared about them.   In the early sixties, when major units begsn to arrive to. troops were wearing garishly tricked out cotton utilities of the post Korea Cold War which had color shoulder sleeve insignia, xonspicuous white name tapes, golden U.S. Army strips, and bright yellow stripes, making them easy to spot.  When in the early seventies the last ground troops left the changes were considerable. The insignia for all combat uniforms was dudued, mostly black on OG, or black pinons.   Both the regular design green utiliy shirt and trousers set, and the khaki service uniform sets once made of cotton needing to be starched to look presentable for a rew hours before they were sweat-soaked,  were vy the end made of wash-and-wear cloth known as Durapress.   The tropical combat coat had undergone two design changes, the tropical boot was ubiquitous. Individual equipment had changed considerably in design and in material, from cotton webbing and duck to nylon goods.  It is said iwtnam was not one eight year long war (twice as long as we were in WW II) but eight one year wars in a row. Thus it is not enough to state that a soldier was in Vietnam in order to know how he appeared; also you must know when and where and with whom he served.   There were lots of limited issue, mission-specific items used by special operations troops. These object alone form a major collecting field. Aemy aviation items are another. The largest Vietnam era collecting specialty nowadays is the clothing and individual equipmntof the ground troops--The \\"grunts\\". Major changes also had been made in the design and color of insignia worn on the field clothing. and in the cut, colors and materials of the clothing itself.    This book is far from definitive at its length but it is useful to show indicating the vast variety from time to time and place to place.
The previous reviewers have elucidated the contents of this book. I wish to comment on it from two perspectives, as a specialist in this period and as a participant. I just recently reread parts of it.   And it brought memories of the \\"Stand Tall\\" peacetime Army with its \\"break starch\\" utility uniforms and spit shined boots. And summer khaki shirts tailored so tight that you could not sit down withought opening a button so you could naturally \\"spread\\". Guard mount uniforms were often worn with the pockets sewn shut so they would not gape. And no wallets surely! Some even had their shirts tailored so severely that the button placket was sewn shut and a hidden zipper put under the arm on the side.   We sure looked good standing tall but we couldn't move very well if we had had to go to war. :) Of course, the guard mount extra sharp stuff was immediately afterward shucked for something with a looser fit for standing around and pacing.   So this covers everything you might want to know except for cold weather clothing which is covered in the Korean War volume and tropical clothing in the Vietnam volume of Shelby's ouevre.
This is a book that will stand forever. Stanton was a serving officer in Vietnam and when he did his research he had access to the working files at the Army's Natick Laboratory in Masachusetts to consult. He has used all the specifications and drawings that were published. In combination with his work on the Cold War which covers clothing worn elsewhere in the world this period is thoroughly covered. His complete ouevre includes WW II, Korea, Cold War, and Vietnam. I wish he would continue with the Modern Volunteer Army from 1975 on. Bit sparse on field equipment but then this is a uniform study.
I have been a long time student and researcher often concerned with the materiel culture (arms and equipment) of the WW II Marines.As such I have an interest in how and why things were done. If you are a collector or student of these subjects this book is not for you.    If you have a general interest in the subject of why the U.S. Marine Corps existed and still exists, its role then, and by extension, its role now, in carrying out the exceedingly difficult transition under fire in combat conditions from a seaborne force to an efficient land and air combat force, then this is for you.   The author, now a PhD candidate at Ohio State, has been a serving Marine, including duty as the associate editor of the Marine Corps Gazette, the Corp's professional journal, and now is a reservist. So not only is he an academically trained historian and writer, he is an experienced Marine as well.   What he has accomplished in 96 well-written standard magazine size pages is to brilliantly synthesize a heap of myriad publications, official and unofficial, covering the tactics, doctrine and operations of the USMC from the 1880s to 1945, with most emphasis on the combat proving of the theories of amphibious warfare developed in the 1920s and 1930s.   These procedures, as published, were adopted verbatim by the Marine's parent organization,the US Navy, and also by the US Army as their Field Manual 21-5, so that not only did the Marines directly physically contribute to the War Against Japan, their thoughts and experiments were directly applied to the success against Italy and Germany. And the landings against the French in North Africa. Thus did the British also adopt and use these techniques.   If one were to consult all the sources used herein, ranging from official pamphlets of 48 pages, through official studies long OOP and drawing high collector's prices, to 400 page detailed tomes, it would take many days, and none of them would so concisely summarize all of that information for the general reader.   I and other specialists will find this quite useful to look up a quick point or two. All of the sources are listed in the back but because this is neither a text nor a dissertation, there is no footnoting.  There are many diagrams and illustrations, some of which I have seen elsewhere and some I have not, but all are to the point and useful.   MBI, the publisher, is noted for its quality of presentation and it has kept that high standard with this volume. Except for a couple of captioning errors I found nothing to criticize. All in this is an A plus plus work. Every serious public and academic library should have this on their reference shelf.
This book is a minor contribution to the history of the Cold War. I found herein a multitude of questions answered that had been nagging me for years. Such as the Duncan Lee story. That said, this is not a definitive history. We will wait a long time for that maybe twenty years after all the Soviet Archives have been mined. The authors have taken all the names that were revealed in the Venona materials by the US government. They took advanage of a brief window of opportunity to get in the Soviet Archives before access was again restricted. Then they collated all of this, sorted out the names into topical chapters, researched as much as could be done to briefly discuss each person, and then put it all together. Because this is based only on individuals mentioned in the Venona intercepts, the story is spotty, incomplete, and sketchy in places. This is more a volume to consult for names seen elsewhere than to read straight through. It is far from a bedside thriller or a &quot;good read.&quot; Workmanlike but not all inclusive. Did what they intended.
I second the reviewers above. All through the reading of this I could not help but think that either he has a photo memory, most do not, he violated all sorts of security regulations by keeping a journal and taking home his work, or he has highly embroidered the days of his youth. All the stories of how he curried favor with his superiors by bringing in goodies from Daddy's store Marks and Spencer, certainly do not serve to point out his heroioc exploits, That said, it must be emphasized that much of the tradecraft of the period, now long obsolete, is interesting for its own sake.  Taken with a pinch of salt, this is still a tasty dish of information.
I was a friend of Randy from meeting him in 1970 til his death. He was one of the most persistent men I ever knew. Born in Oklahoma of mixed descent, Anglo and Native American, he attended the Naval Academy and served for many years. He became an accomplished artist and illustrator. He spent many  years preparing his monumental work. Just when it was finished and ready to  submit, he went to town on an errand, upon returning, he discovered his  entire collection gone--the studio had burned to the ground. And he had to  begin all over again.   It is a testimony that he finished it and sent it in. Even though Volume Four was published post-humously. Not every man gets to  fulfil his life's ambition as Randy did. Every illustration in this  multi-volume work has been drawn by him from original materiel. Where relevent the complete text of regulations is quoted.   For example, in the  period which I research, that from the 1880s to today, the volume three, reprints the complete Army uniform regulations in the nineteen-teens, not just the  portion on mounted men. Thus, the work is useful also for those generally interested in the military through the period covered.   One must elucidate on the title a bit. As  stated, it is not just on the mounted horse cavalry so celebrated in John  Wayne movies, but covers all the mounted troops, dragoons, mounted rifles,  and cavalry in the period of the frontier expansion, before the Civil War,  then both North and South, and the post war frontier patrolling days. Not  only is the equipment, both individual and horse, of the cavalryman  covered, so is that of the artillery man where it differed. The coverage is relevent to all mounted men--quartermaster troops, engineers, signalers, and hospital corpsmen, and their clothing and equipment.
This book is a facsimile reprint of the original arsenal report of the 1874 equipment boards for infantry and horse equipment. I have found it useful in my studies but the general reader has no need for this.
I was a friend of Randy from meeting him in 1991 til his death. He was one of the most persistent men I ever knew. Born in Oklahoma of mixed descent, Anglo and Native American, he attended the Naval Academy and served for  many years. He became an accomplished artist and illustrator. He spent many  years preparing his monumental work. Just when it was finished and ready to  submit, he went to town on an errand, upon returning, he discovered his  entire collection gone--the studio had burned to the ground. And he had to  begin all over again. It is a testimony that he finished it and sent it in.  Even though Volume Four was published post-humously. Not every man gets to  fulfil his life's ambition as Randy did. Every illustration in this  multi-volume work has been drawn by him from original materiel. Where  relevent the complete text of regulations is quoted. For example, in the  period which I research, that from the 1880s to today, the volume three,  reprints the complete uniform regulations in the teens, not just the  portion on mounted men. Thus, the work is useful also for those interested  in the military up to 1943. One must elucidate on the title a bit. As  stated, it is not just on the mounted horse cavalry so celebrated in John  Wayne movies, but covers all the mounted troops, dragoons, mounted rifles,  and cavalry in the period of the frontier expansion, before the Civil War,  then both North and South, and the post war frontier patrolling days. Not  only is the equipment, both individual and horse, of the cavalryman  covered, so is that of the artillery man where it differed. The coverage is  relevent to all mounted men--engineers, signalers, and hospital corpsmen,  and their clothing and equipment.
The author has produced a slew of photo studies with incisive text on the life and times of the U.S. soldier, and his Spanish and Mexican californio predecessors also. His specialty is in gathering together contemporary  source material for the illustrations. This method has the great virtue of  showing what was what and when. But if no photos are available, then  something may be omitted. All of these books are vertical studies covering  a period of years. Though sometimes the illustrations serve to identify  individual items of equipment, these works are not intended for that  purpose. They are not catalogs intended for materiel collectors. They are  of such a length and of such a level of detail that they will serve the  purposes of the general reader with a curiousity about what grandaddy did  in WW II or great great great grandaddy in the Civil War and what he looked  like and how he lived. This is not to say that the specialist such as  myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I can. I use these for general  surveys of periods I do not study in detail, such as the Civil War, and the  War With Mexico, etc. And to look up the odd facts. I have yet to be  disappointed with any of them.
Micheal J. McAfee, the first author, is a long time accquaintance. He has been a curator at the West Point Military Academy Museum for many years. He is a Fellow of the Company of Military Historians, has been at times a  governor of the same, and is internationally known as an expert on the  uniforms styled Zouaves, worn by U.S. forces in the Civil War, and based on  those worn by French forces raised in North Africa, which in turn were  influenced by the natives of the area and cut in the manner of their  clothing. He is well qualified to cover this subject. The second author J.  Phillip Langellier,The author has produced a slew of photo studies with  incisive text on the life and times of the U.S. soldier, and his Spanish  and Mexican californio predecessors also. His specialty is in gathering  together contemporary source material for the illustrations. This method  has the great virtue of showing what was what and when. But if no photos  are available, then something may be omitted. All of these books are  vertical studies covering a period of years. Though sometimes the  illustrations serve to identify individual items of equipment, these works  are not intended for that purpose. They are not catalogs intended for  materiel collectors. They are of such a length and of such a level of  detail that they will serve the purposes of the general reader with a  curiousity about what grandaddy did in WW II or great great great grandaddy  in the Civil War and what he looked like and how he lived. This is not to  say that the specialist such as myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I  can. I use these books in this G.I. series for general surveys of periods I  do not study in detail, such as the Civil War, and the War With Mexico,  etc. I have yet to be disappointed with any of them.
J. Phillip Langelleir, the co-author has produced a slew of photo studies with incisive text on the life and times of the U.S. soldier, and his Spanish and Mexican californio predecessors also. His specialty is in  gathering together contemporary source material for the illustrations. This  method has the great virtue of showing what was what and when. But if no  photos are available, then something may be omitted. All of these books are  vertical studies covering a period of years. Though sometimes the  illustrations serve to identify individual items of equipment, these works  are not intended for that purpose. They are not catalogs intended for  materiel collectors. They are of such a length and of such a level of  detail that they will serve the purposes of the general reader with a  curiousity about what grandaddy did in WW II or great great great grandaddy  in the Civil War and what he looked like and how he lived. This is not to  say that the specialist such as myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I  can. I use these for general surveys of periods I do not study in detail,  such as the Civil War, and the War With Mexico, etc. And to look up the odd  facts. I have yet to be disappointed with any of them.
This book is part of the G. I. series of short illustrated studies covering a period or a series of campaigns. All of these books are vertical studies covering a period of years. Though sometimes the illustrations  serve to identify individual items of equipment, these works are not  intended for that purpose. They are not catalogs intended for materiel  collectors. They are of such a length and of such a level of detail that  they will serve the purposes of the general reader with a curiousity about  what grandaddy did in WW II or great great great grandaddy in the Civil War  and what he looked like and how he lived. This is not to say that the  specialist such as myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I can. I use  these for general surveys of periods I do not study in detail, such as the  Civil War, and the War With Mexico, etc. And to look up the odd facts. I  have yet to be disappointed with any of them.
The author has produced a slew of photo studies with incisive text on the life and times of the U.S. soldier, and his Spanish and Mexican californio predecessors also. His specialty is in gathering together contemporary  source material for the illustrations. This method has the great virtue of  showing what was what and when. But if no photos are available, then  something may be omitted. All of these books are vertical studies covering  a period of years. Though sometimes the illustrations serve to identify  individual items of equipment, these works are not intended for that  purpose. They are not catalogs intended for materiel collectors. They are  of such a length and of such a level of detail that they will serve the  purposes of the general reader with a curiousity about what grandaddy did  in WW II or great great great grandaddy in the Civil War and what he looked  like and how he lived. This is not to say that the specialist such as  myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I can. I use these for general  surveys of periods I do not study in detail, such as the Civil War, and the  War With Mexico, etc. And to look up the odd facts. I have yet to be  disappointed with any of them.
The author has produced a slew of photo studies with incisive text on the life and times of the U.S. soldier, and his Spanish and Mexican californio predecessors also. His specialty is in gathering together contemporary  source material for the illustrations. This method has the great virtue of  showing what was what and when. But if no photos are available, then  something may be omitted. All of these books are vertical studies covering  a period of years. Though sometimes the illustrations serve to identify  individual items of equipment, these works are not intended for that  purpose. They are not catalogs intended for materiel collectors. They are  of such a length and of such a level of detail that they will serve the  purposes of the general reader with a curiousity about what grandaddy did  in WW II or great great great grandaddy in the Civil War and what he looked  like and how he lived. This is not to say that the specialist such as  myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I can. I use these for general  surveys of periods I do not study in detail, such as the Civil War, and the  War With Mexico, etc. And to look up the odd facts. I have yet to be  disappointed with any of them.
This book is part of the G. I. series of short illustrated studies covering a period or a series of campaigns. All of these books are vertical studies covering a period of years. Though sometimes the illustrations  serve to identify individual items of equipment, these works are not  intended for that purpose. They are not catalogs intended for materiel  collectors. They are of such a length and of such a level of detail that  they will serve the purposes of the general reader with a curiousity about  what grandaddy did in WW II or great great great grandaddy in the Civil War  and what he looked like and how he lived. This is not to say that the  specialist such as myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I can. I use  these for general surveys of periods I do not study in detail, such as the  Civil War, and the War With Mexico, etc. And to look up the odd facts. I  have yet to be disappointed with any of them.
The author is one of those fellows who writes a lot and researches very little. In the case of this book, since he was serving in the reserve forces in the period covered and had access to good photos this book is of  some use. The illustrator  does excellent work but as far as I know, being  a Brit, has no first hand knowledge of the subjects he does. In other  words, good sources, good illustrations. Or to use the computer  terms--GIGO. This book is fine if you want a bunch of pictures to trace for  a school project and the teacher is as ignorant as the pupil is of what  should be.
The author has made a specialty of winkling out color photography taken during WW II. The modern 35mm camera had just been introduced in the late 1930s and Kodacolor and Kodachrome were just being marketed in the U.S. But  most professionals still used Speed Graphics and other large format plate  film cameras which took only monochrome photos. As most magazines and all  newspapers, except  in their Sunday roto sections, used B &amp; W pictures  only, there was little incentive to take large amounts of color. As for the  film of the day, it was quite slow compared with that of today, and  required almost ideal sun conditions at mid-day to come out. For years  those of us who researched in the Signal Corps archives knew there were  color negatives available but it was easier to order B &amp; W copies. In  addition, much WW II color was taken by private individuals with personally  owned 35mm cameras either captured from the enemy or smuggled overseas.  Field conditions were such that color 35mm film processing was non existent  for the individual not on official business. Considering the conditions  under which they have been kept and the chemical instability of the film  negatives, it is surprising how much good material actually has survived.  The author is to be commended, first,  for finding so much clear  photography and,second, for having the detailed knowledge of clothing,  arms, and equipment, to properly write identifying captions. This is one  for the serious collector and historian, not for the shelf in the local  public library. It will probably be stolen anyway. It's that tempting.
When there are multi volume sets on this same subject, covering only one or two years at a time, how can this be useful? The French magazine Militaria runs multiple page articles on individual items of equipment. And  I am sure there are others. But I am sure the illustrations are well done.  Volstad does excellent work.
The author has produced a slew of photo studies with incisive text on the life and times of the U.S. soldier, and his Spanish and Mexican californio predecessors also. His specialty is in gathering together contemporary  source material for the illustrations. This method has the great virtue of  showing what was what and when. But if no photos are available, then  something may be omitted. All of these books are vertical studies covering  a period of years. Though sometimes the illustrations serve to identify  individual items of equipment, these works are not intended for that  purpose. They are not catalogs intended for materiel collectors. They are  of such a length and of such a level of detail that they will serve the  purposes of the general reader with a curiousity about what grandaddy did  in WW II or great great great grandaddy in the Civil War and what he looked  like and how he lived. This is not to say that the specialist such as  myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I can. I use these for general  surveys of periods I do not study in detail, such as the Civil War, and the  War With Mexico, etc. And to look up the odd facts. I have yet to be  disappointed with any of them.
The author, Christopher Spring is  Curator,  Department of Ethnography, of the British Museum. Thus he is well accquainted with the sources and has made excellent use of first-hand accounts, museum and sales catalogs, and  ethnographical and  typological studies to synthesize this general overview  of the  subject. He states in his introduction: \\"This book is  primarily intended to celebrate African artistry and ingenuity. It also  attempts to show the way in which arms and armor are incorporated into the  complex material systems which express the structure of non-industrial  societies....I believe that to underrate the significance of these  artefacts within the societies which produced them would be to overlook a  whole range of human endeavour and activity.\\"   The book contains a  Foreword, Introduction, and eight chapters on each cultural region of Africa. 1.Arab and Berber--North Africa and the Sahara, 2. Knights of the  Savanna--Warfare in Sudanic Africa, 3. Forest Kingdoms of West Africa, 4.  The Shining Mystery--Throwing Knives of Africa, 5. Royal Blacksmiths--the  Kuba Kingdom and the Congo Basin,  6. the Horn of Africa, 7. Cattle and  Conflict--East African Pastorialists and Their Neighbors. 8. Mfecane--The  Zulu and the Nguni Diaspora. There are 30 color and 130 grey  scale illlustrations. Biblio and index.   Though some historians and  ethnographers divide the continent of Africa into North Africa and  Sub-Saharan Africa, referring to the latter as Black Africa (in French,  l'Afrique noire), and omitting the former as a subject of African studies,  preferring to include it in studies of Mediterrainea and Europe proper,  there is just as much justification for including  in this work, as for  leaving out, the Maghreb area of Northwest Africa, conquered by the Islamic  expansion and still ruled by descendents of the followers of the  Prophet.   There has always been trade and conquest across the Sahara and up  and down the Nile Valley. In fact, what is known today as Morocco leather, is actually a product of the Arabized black cultures located in the area today known  as northern Nigeria. Their weapons and fighting arts are covered in  Chapter Two.   The only chapter which covers more than one culture is Four, describing the famous fabulously shaped (to European eyes) throwing  knives.   One of the major points made by the author and by the writer of the  Forward, is that within the major civilizations of Eurasia and the Americas, once they had organized the means of production, resulting in a surplus  that could support a \\"non-producer\\" class of rulers, priests, and administrators, there arose a tradition of \\"art for art's  sake.\\" The \\"Western World\\" artistic tradition led to all sorts of misconceptions when  the European expansionists encountered the indigenous peoples of  Sub-Saharan Africa, where the material culture is and was expressed in a  holistic manner, in which weapons and other material objects such as  statues and ceremonial masks and clothing , however fantastically adorned  or shaped, considered with a European's sensibility, were not created with  any sort of artistic (art for art's sake) sensibility.    Thus the copying of  African sculptural forms by Eurocentric artistic avant garde in the  beginning of the twentieth century, was a total misreading of the intent of  the creators.   The other major points the author makes is that when the  Eurocentric aesthetic sensibility was applied to African material culture;  one, items were devoid of context, and, two,  in many cases both  weapons and edged tools were ignored; in some cases they are the same thing. This  sensibility says essentially \\"war is bad, therefore the tools of war are bad.\\"  and not worthy of study by a true aesthete.   Compare this attitude which is refuted by major collections of  medieval European arms and armor, including those held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Another reason for this disdain and omission may be \\"Work is sweaty and sweat is nasty, therefore tools are nasty and unworthy of  study.\\"   Fortunately this  silly sensibility is today mostly recognized for the  fallacy it is. A society which collects such material culture as gasoline pump globes, Pez dispensers, and all the other marvelous junk of our modern civilization can hardly ignore items seriously created for culturally significant purposes, whatever their symbolism or usage.   In summary, this  book is a comprehensive survey of its subject with a definite point of view  which I agree with, but it would be none the less valuable as a synthesis  if I did not. And there are plenty of leads to further study.
The author has produced a slew of photo studies with incisive text on the life and times of the U.S. soldier, and his Spanish and Mexican californio predecessors also. His specialty is in gathering together contemporary  source material for the illustrations. This method has the great virtue of  showing what was what and when. But if no photos are available, then  something may be omitted. All of these books are vertical studies covering  a period of years. Though sometimes the illustrations serve to identify  individual items of equipment, these works are not intended for that  purpose. They are not catalogs intended for materiel collectors. They are  of such a length and of such a level of detail that they will serve the  purposes of the general reader with a curiousity about what grandaddy did  in WW II or great great great grandaddy in the Civil War and what he looked  like and how he lived. This is not to say that the specialist such as  myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I can. I use these for general  surveys of periods I do not study in detail, such as the Civil War, and the  War With Mexico, etc. And to look up the odd facts. I have yet to be  disappointed with any of them.
This book covers more than just uniforms, it covers all the items carried or worn by the individual soldiers in this disease-ridden war. Congratulations to the author and the illustrator. This is a valuable  compendium, of a size larger than octavo so that the plates are clear, and  well constructed.  I have been researching the U.S.  arms, uniforms, and  accoutrements of this period for some forty years now. It takes much more  than a slew of pictures and a few  gee whizzy captions to impress me. This  work does--not only does it cover the details of the uniforms, it also  covers the accoutrements and arms of the contending soldiers of both  nations. I can vouch for the accuracy of the U.S. portion of the book. The  detail shown herein on the Spanish forces, as far as I know, has not been  readily available in English at all. Though I have not pursued detailed  research on Spanish arms, clothing, and accoutrements, I have kept my eyes  out for published materials, and I have not seen it. As much of the  non-metallic materiel of this period was subject to hard usage in the  field, and because the U.S. soldiers' clothing and equipments were burned  for sanitary purposes upon the troops' return home, the cloth and leather  of this period that actually saw service in campaign is extremely rare.  What is now available is mostly web belts sold off as surplus and firearms  and edged weapons the same.
The author has produced a slew of photo studies with incisive text on the life and times of the U.S. soldier, and his Spanish and Mexican californio predecessors also. His specialty is in gathering together contemporary  source material for the illustrations. This method has the great virtue of  showing what was what and when. But if no photos are available, then  something may be omitted. All of these books are vertical studies covering  a period of years. Though sometimes the illustrations serve to identify  individual items of equipment, these works are not intended for that  purpose. They are not catalogs intended for materiel collectors. They are  of such a length and of such a level of detail that they will serve the  purposes of the general reader with a curiousity about what grandaddy did  in WW II or great great great grandaddy in the Civil War and what he looked  like and how he lived. This is not to say that the specialist such as  myself cannot find useful nuggets herein. I can. I use these for general  surveys of periods I do not study in detail, such as the Civil War, and the  War With Mexico, etc. And to look up the odd facts. I have yet to be  disappointed with any of them.
This is a highly impressive work. Every individual item discussed is keyed to an individual text and is often accompanied by multi-views and enlargements. In many cases, there is documentation, many of which are letters from manufacturers and government procurement agencies. There is  very little referencing to previous works. This is not an omnium-gatherum  nor a synthesis of existing works. It is a new beginning.   The only thing  remotely as detailed or as useful is Robert Baeurlein's thorough work \\"Allied Fighting Knives\\" which is mainly about fighting knives and gives short schrift to working blades, plus most of it is about U.S. patterns and includes much more textual descriptions  plus many first hand accounts.  This work divides many types of blades and edged tools up by the major Commonwealth nations wherein they were produced, beginning in the 1880s and continuing up till the present decade.   The major countries and nations covered are Great Britain, Canada, Australia,  New Zealand, and India. The amount of items covered lessens the further one gets from Britain, but that is understandable. Everything including commercial knives sold to officers and explorers is covered.   There is no  coverage of items produced in other Far Eastern areas for Empire and Commonwealth Forces nor anything produced in Africa, thus omitting those formerly white-ruled countries of the former Rhodesia (now Zimbablwe) and South Africa, though both are known to have local cutlery industries.   This may have been due to the lack of contacts consequent to the former political situation of sanctions, whixh precluded both commercial and social contact between Britain and those lands. Or perhapa they just did not make anything there for their forces.   As in any work of this  monumentality, it is not perfect. No matter how long one works, there will  always be something omitted. It is the nature of the endeavour. The author has added a chapter of last minute discoveries in his attemptto be as  encyclopedic as possible. I learned much from this book and I will refer to it again in my own writings.   But, a few minor quibbles. The author fails to  distinguish between the use of the two synonyms--matchet and machete. The  latter being the original Spanish term and used in North America also, and  the former, the official British term. Both are pronounced identically  except for the e on the end--the t being silent. Because of his use of the American spelling throughout, he missed the significance of the derivation of the term for a famoous short bladed fighting instrument of WW II, the smatchet, usually pronounced to rhyme with hatchet, but again the t is silent. Smatchet is a contraction  of small + matchet just as Bren is a contraction.    He also fails to recognize the tool-weapon issued to native troops of northern Burma by its true name of dah and lumps it in with machetes. He has found a few more patterns of dahs than I have. Of course, these crudely finished implements are so badly  marked that moat are unreadable. And he may have included some similar tools made in southern China for local use. These are much better finished than British or Indian issued patterns.   And finally he missed a rather unusual and strange machete made in Australia in WW II. But, with those few  exceptions, one with any interest in this material should buy this book. I will just give it an A not an A+. You can throw away that old copy of  Stephens now.
I will not repeat what is in the precis above. This book is extemely detailed. This work will not have any reason to be repeated.  What is in here,is of interest to the specialist in weapons development and the  collector, supposing that such items still exist. If you want the  experience of the trenches, then get Eye Deep in Hell (c.f.) This details  every patent and effort to make hand grenades, for example, safe for the  thrower, and lethal for the target, that the British made. The same is true  for flame throwers, light mortars, catapults, and gas projectors. Again,  this is not light reading and covers crew served weapons other than  firearms and grenades. I bought it hoping there was something on trench  cutlery in it. Nada. But I still found it well written enough to read all  of it. But I will probably never open it again unless I find a photo I need  to interpret. The general reader is referred to any of Ian Hogg's works.  They are comprehensive, well-written, and have just enough detail for the  specialist and not too much to bore the general reader.
I have been using, studying, and analyzing U.S. individual equipment since 1950. I have been publishing articles since the 1960s on the development and evolution of individual equipment, especially the load bearing equipment (LBE) (i.e. , packs, bags, and cases ) used to carry items used for living (surviving) in the field and remaining fit to fight until the objective is taken. <BR>It is easy to determine what was done by studying the item, when by historical research and looking at the object's markings, who by the same, where by looking at images and reading memoirs, but it is very often difficult to determine why a certain thing was done just by looking at it. This book is extremely valuable for the researcher and developer; it explains just why certain things were done, what was tried, and what was best to do the job. <BR>But of course, troops do not live only in jungles, they need training and special items for field living in every clime. This book covers only that for tropical living and fighting. Nonetheless, many of its principles are of world wide application. And in space as well. <BR>There were two parallel threads of development of equipment for field living during WWII. The first is described by the author, the development of special equipment not only for &quot;jungle living&quot;, but also for jungle fighting. This is a more difficult task, as the items developed are not for one time or occasional use in an emergency, but must also be of enduring and robust construction for long use in extremely difficult conditions. <BR>The other thread had two strands, the first, was the world wide need for downed aviators to survive in extreme weather conditions world wide. The development of this kind of materiel ended up in the hands of the U.S. Army Air Forces and the Naval Aviation branch. Not only was training needed, the equipment, being intended only for living in the jungle or desert or arctic until rescue, did not need to be robust but it did need to beuseful, and small enough in bulk to be worn as part of the individual's flying gear, or able to be quickly attached thereto. So robustness was sacrificed for compactness. <BR>The other major development in the Pacific and Asian operational areas, was training intended for members of ground units, not necessarily cut off from their own side, who, might or might not be, equipped with special jungle fighting materiel, who, first, needed to be convinced that not every creature in the jungle wanted them for lunch, and, second, how to make themselves as comfortable as possible under given conditions for as long a time as possible, with or without enemy activity in the vicinity. <BR>This latter required training in the safe use of commonly available cutting tools such as sheath knives and machetes, and the recognition of edible plants and wild life. This training in &quot;jungle living&quot; was given in many theaters. One of the leading lights was Dr. Kenneth Emory of the Bishop Museum in Hawaii. He had spent many years living and studying among the natives of the SW Pacific islands. His story is covered in the book entitled &quot;Keneti&quot;. <BR>Related to jungle living were courses in &quot;Getting Along With the Locals&quot;. On many islands, the Japanese occupiers had brutalized the inhabitants to the point where they were happy to rescue downed aviators and to help the ground troops when possible. <BR>The great value of this book is that it puts in a readily available place, the distilled knowledge of the useful equipment needed to live, work, and fight in the jungles of the world. Ever since 1949, the U.S. Army was set up, trained, and equipped for the &quot;Big One&quot;-- the invasion of Western Europe by the Red Hordes of the East. Jungle warfare was a sideshow, abandoned as a matter of consideration just after the defeat of Japan. In fact, even in Vietnam, we persisted in using heavily armed mechanized units against lightly equipped guerillas. <BR>The most widely used individual piece of LBE in Vietnam, the Lightweight Rucksack, had not been designed for the jungle at all, but for use in the Arctic winter, and constantly clashed with the items carried on the individual's belt. <BR>These are the lessons detailed in this book. When the time comes when we are again seriously interested in jungle equipment again, the powers that be can turn to this work. (They will certainly not seek out obscure articles written by myself and my fellow historians and well-buried reports writen by designers and analysts.) Those who served as platoon and company commanders in Vietnam were the generals who ran the Gulf War. They won the &quot;Big One&quot;. Same kind of war, just a thousand miles to the south. <BR>Colin Powell and his cohorts are now retired. The institutional memory of Vietnam and its jungle setting is now gone from our forces.
This book has been notorious since its publication in 1914. The author was a vagabond leftist reporter for the American radical press, and did not go to Mexico City  riding in relative comfort on the press train accompanying the Division del Norte of General Francisco \\"Pancho\\" Villa during his successful Constitutionalist southward campaign against the Federalista forces of the usurper General Victoriano Huerta; he who had murdered president Madero and his vice president, and seized power in Mexico City in conjunction the forces of Zapata.  Instead, Reed, in accord with his common man leanings, while on campaign, lived among the \\"grunts\\", Mexican campesinos who made up the bulk of Villa's forces.   There are incisive pen portraits of the Constitutionalist leaders, descriptions of  the wretched living conditions of the people, observations on the siege of Torron, N.L.. and nearby Gomez Palacio, neighboring key strategic cities on the railroad south from Juarez to Mexico City.   This is not history or reporting but a collection of impressionistic and justifiably biased  essays. Still very valuable for the feel of the times and has been  translated into many languages. The author later went to Russia and wrote  \\"Ten Days That Shook the World.\\" (c.f.) about the October Revolution.
This 32 page booklet is part of a series of pocket book size texts published in England called the Shire books which cover all sorts of obsolete industrial, agricultural, and home economics topics. Thus old time  one-lunger steam power engines are covered but modern post 1940 automobiles, tractors and trucks are not.   The illustrations cover many tools with a few examples each, but these booklets are far from a complete encycopedias of anything they cover. They are more memory books of the type done by Eric Sloane (cf) on American hand tools and crafts. The intent of this one is preserving the ancient hand techniques of the farmer.   What  strikes one as particularly British is that no one ever seems to wear work clothing as we know it: Overalls, coveralls, dungaree shirts, etc. All the  workers are wearing coats and ties even in the filthiest conditions! As I  recall this is not characteristic of French peasants of the same period,  1850 to 1950. The only concession to work condition is the English favor gum boots of the pullover type when in the fields. But this is not  surprising when we recall that Sherlock Holmes and other holiday trekkers in movies always wore tweed suits and ties in the woods.
This is a first hand account of CIC operations in the cockpit of the Cold War-Austria. It is now little remembered that Austria was the only European country occupied by the Soviets to be evacuated during the Cold War.  (Although in Asia, they did leave Iran and North Korea.)Both sides' focus  was on the North German plain, the traditional invasion route between East  and West, and vice versa. Not the southern route from the Adriatic through  the Ukraine. Thus the major Allied intelligence effort was was in Germany.  Most of the activities described herein are the usual tradecraft--doubling  agents, honey traps, sneak and peek, etc. This would be just another tale  and not of great importance, except for the Rat Line. This was a  clandestine evacuation operation run for persons escaping from the  Soviet-controlled areas. Because the occupation of Austria ended in 1955,  and Austria was then neutralized, it was easier to run penetration and  escape operations from there than through the hard border further north.  Actually, there were more than one Rat Line. It is said that Martin  Bormann, Adolf Eichman, and other top Nazis escaped via Italy. Be that at  it may, Klaus Barbee did get out in a U.S. sponsored operation. But the  U.S. Rat Line was more important for getting out persons of intelligence  value, who once debriefed, had to be put under deep cover in a safe place.  (Imagine a witness protection program, but with the whole USSR intellops  looking for you, instead of a few mobsters.)This is probably the last  first-hand account of CI field ops we will get of those days. After all,  all of the vets are well over 70 and most were middle aged then. I also  recommend Ib Melchior's book on his service as a CI agent. (cf)
I will praise this book first for a comprehensive coverage of what the author found. The story of Gen. McClellan's over-caution and Allen Pinkerton's overestimation is well known. And has been published before but not in such well noted detail. That said, the first third of the book could well have been published independently so that the reader would not get a sore chest from propping it up!   On the other hand, the great virtue of this work is the thorough mining of later material concerning the period  after the establishment of a military-led true intelligence organization.  The other side of clandestine operations in this same period in this area has been covered in the  excellent study [u]Come Retribution[/u] which appeared earlier. The history of  operations in the Western Theatre is yet to be written. My greatest disappointment is the author's relegating of \\"lesson learned\\" to  an appendix and his omission of modern tradecraft comparisons. As it was,  the lessons we learned in the Civil War, when we fought essentially  ourselves still had  general relevence thirty some years later in the War With Spain and even later on the Mexican Border. (I wrote my thesis on the latter era.)   The text, [u]Service of Security and Information[/u], written by Col. Wagner,  which was used in the 1890s, at the Fort Leavenworth Service Schools, was based on the Army's experience in the Civil War. Slightly revised after the war with Spain,  the work remained in use til the Great War.   But, perhaps, pointing out this continuaton of military thought was not the author's intention. As to the unfortunate title, promisimg more than the book delivers, I place blame on the publishers. This book is so much better than the other recent  book on Civil War spies which simply rehashes all the old tales about Crazy  Betty, Belle Starr, et al. It's just a pity it's so hard to read. I never  did finish it. I read the conclusions, and the appendices, and, frankly, there's just more here thanI wanted to know.
I've been waiting for two years to see a review of this, so here goes. It  seems to have been overlooked. This is a fascinating and hard to put down  account of one Brit's personal experiences as part of the British observer  teams in East Germany, while eluding the East German and Soviet field  security. Their duties were to clandestinely observe  and keep track of  troop movements and unit deployments in addition to the introduction of new  weaponry and equipment. This duty was done by the military liason teams of  the three western occupying powers. They had the authority to go where they  pleased but if they went openly they would be physically blocked from  accessing anything interesting --if clandestinely, but still required to be  in uniform, were likely to be physically harassed, if not shot by field  security or unit guard forces. Some were killed on duty but there was no  lack of volunteers. Many a tale of midnight sneaks and layups during the  day and dodgem driving to escape pursuit. All of the teams had favorite  hidey holes near bridges and RR crossings and  their special maps showed  exactly where they were. They had radios and carried cameras as well so  their activities could not well have been denied. Probably the worst and  nastiest activities took place during the semi-annual redeployments of  Soviet troops. First, one must realize that few laagers had sewage systems,  nor was there any organized rubbish removal or recycling. And shredders and  burners were not issue items. Also understand that toilet paper was not  issued nor readily available otherwise. Because the redeploying Soviets  traveled with only their personal baggage and not with their individual  equipment, and, most importantly, the technical and field manuals,  classified or otherwise, issued to them for their duty use, this material,  if worn or excess, was simply dumped with the left over body excretions,  into a rubbish tip. These tips were usually on the outskirts of the  garrison towns, and it was common for locals to rummage about to find  salvagable materials. Thus, after one of these redeployments, there were  all sorts of spare parts, classified documents and manuals mixed in with  the kitchen rubbish and excreta. Midnight raids on these dumps while  wearing non-descript coveralls were part of the drill. Some of the  materials recovered from the slime pits were of extremely high importance,  detailing the new ablative tank armor, weapons systems and much else of  technical intelligence value. Also personal items such as unit badges could  sometimes be used to keep track of OB. All in all, exciting, dangerous, and  extremely trying duty. If you weren't shot, you might catch some loathsome  disease while sorting through the midden heaps. (As archeologists have  found, privies are good sources for artifacts, and the smell can last for a  couple of hundred years.) In this case, the whole country was a vast privy  and midden heap. Investments in sanitary infrastructure were not high on  East Bloc priorities
This is the book I have been waiting for  for seven years. If it sounds  like high praise it's meant to be. I have been trying to sort out the  intelligence and clandestine operations in the CBI Theatre for years. The  outline has been clear for Burma but the situation in China was obscured  not only by the necessity for secrecy but also by the overlapping and  disputatious command setup and the rivalry between General Stillwell and  his factions, and General Chennault and his.   Now we have a new work of  organizational history \\"OSS In China\\" (c.f.) to add to the personal  memoirs of the major participants and others. When the U.S. Army official  \\"Green Books\\" were published so long ago,  any mention of  intelligence was very limited and most of the sources were then in the  hands of the CIA---there were no official documentary sources.I have about  2000 pages from the archives and they still do not tell it all. And there  were no official books on intelligence either.   Now we have a new GPO book  on  WW II Air Intelligence with many pages on the Far East and an Air  University book on Air Force clandestine activities from WW II to the  second Vietnam War to give us more leads into this story and its  consequences.   But, back to the book at hand. Wichtrich was the commander of  the MIS-X agency in Kunming, China, which was in charge of establishing  \\"ratlines\\" and giving E & E training to U.S. personnel in  China. In China most US personnel were Fourteenth Air Force personnel assigned to Gen. Chennault at Kunming. In China, if a downed airman was not immediately  captured by the Japanese or their puppets, he would be immediately hidden  away by the locals until U.S. personnel could come and get him. There were  many safe havens between and behind the Japanese lines and it was sometimes  possible to take a train, a plane, or a jeep, and not have to hoof it  halfway across China to get back.   As an E & E agency, Wichtrich's  outfit's cover name was Air Ground AidSection (AGAS). AGAS was not  involved in active sabotage or intelligence activities but if intelligence  could be had it would be brought in. As to the relationships with other  agencies in the area, the closest was with the \\"big brother\\"--the  British MIS-9. There was little with the OSS which was in Chungking and  which cooperated with the Koumintang Secret Police under Gen Dai Li, and  much with the AGRFRTS, the 14th Air Force intelligence agency.   The AGAS  also ran agents in Indochina, including Ho Chi Minh, in cooperation with  the BDT group. (c.f. Ronald Spector's official U.S. Army history concerning  the early advisory days in Vietnam.)   For the higher relationships of AGAS to its  parent located at Fort Hunt, Va, see my review of Shoemaker's The Escape  Factory on this site.
MIS-X was the branch of U.S. Army G-2 which was in charge of furnishing  escape aids and aiding the active escape measures of U.S. service personnel   captured by the enemy in aWW II and kept in POW camps. The  \\"ratlines\\" or escape networks were often run in cooperation with  the British agency MIS-9 (cf M.R.D. Foote's book MIS-9). As in other cases  the British were the \\"big brothers\\" who taught our clandestine  operators. This was as much true of the brotherhood of the British SOE and  the United State's OSS as the brotherhood of MIS-9 and MIS-X.    Why the  operations of the E and E agencies required such highly kept secrecy,  lasting in this country until the last ten years, was the necessity for the  Germans not having even a hint of the special equipment smuggled in via Red  Cross relief packages, all unknowingly by the latter of course, nor could  the Germans be allowed to penetrate the \\"ratlines\\". Of course,  the latter did happen, with unfortunate results to our side but they never  knew of MIS-X.   After the war ended the headquarters of MIS-X which was  colocated with the POW interrogation facilities at Fort Hunt, Va, was razed  to the ground and plowed under and the heavy non-destructible equipment  shipped to salvage yards and junked (presses, etc) and the soft goods such  as escape checkerboards and radios concealed in baseballs were all to be  destroyed.  Five years later when the Korean War broke out, the  institutional memory was gone. A few heavily sanitized but still classified  documents held in outside files ended up in the Suitland facility of the  Federal Records Office but few knew what they meant and they did not talk.  Compared to the Manhattan Project or the breaking of codes this project was  a ten compared to their eight.   Although most of the WW II prisoners in  contact with MIS E&E (both services) were air personnel the agency was  part of the Army Chief of Staff's G-2, Intelligence, not Army Air Corps intelligence. Thus the individuals  assigned to MIS were from many branches of the Army.   Shoemaker himself spent most  of his  service time at Fort Hunt in support and development. His book is mostly  from memory with the aid of some of the highly chopped up documents. The  story in this account is excellent for the war againt Germany. It is  incomplete and inaccurate for the war against Japan.   First, the Japanese  were not interested in taking care of prisoners except where they could be  made to work, second, there was no place to go if you did escape, except in  the Phillipines, and third, MIS-X did not operate in the SW Pacific or  Central Pacific theatres and most of the CBI Theatre was either British  responsibility or uncovered. In China the MIS-X operated independently. For  an account by the man in charge of that unit see the recent work by  Wichtrich, [u]MIS-X: Top Secret[/u]. (also on this site)   Lastly, the \\"jungle  living\\" and other courses given to personnel shot down in the tropical  areas  were given by theatre personnel and were organizationally the  responsibility of the Army Air Force's Air Surgeon General and the flight  surgeons of the Naval Aviation forces. \\"Survival\\" in primitive  areas was not an MIS responsibility.
I shall not repeat the information above. Mischler's book is well-written  and worth the reading. In order to get from Chungking where he flew in over the Hunp to his duty station he had to walk almost all the way.   His  experiences with the locals were amusing. We have few narratives of his  caliber about the everyday life of a field intelligence operative. If you  find this one interesting you will also certainly like John Ryder Horton's  \\"Ninety-Day Wonder:Flight to Guerrilla War.\\" (q.v.)
Some years ago while digging in the National Archives I met the author. At  that time she was pursuing the research for this book. When she mentioned  that she was the &quot;Undercover Girl&quot; I immediately thought,  &quot;AHA, Cynthia!&quot; Well, she wasn't. You will have to read this book  to find out who Cynthia was and a whole host of others whose exploits were  not so &quot;undercover&quot; ; )!  At the time we met Ms. McIntosh's  original book &quot;Undercover Girl&quot; was scheduled to be reprinted in  the TIME-LIFE WW II espionage operations series, but that was not to be. I  finally got a copy of the original and found it to be a fascinating read.  This one is obviously not so immediate as her original but still gives the  flavor of the wartime experience. The fact that male chauvinism ruled in  those days is evident in that they were not paid the same rates and were  seldom promoted to their potential-- considering that most of the OSS women  where well-educated bilingual (or more) cosmopolitan citizens of many  nations of  the world, as adept with European royalty as with the natives  in the fetid jungles of Asia. Their story is well worth  telling and is  very interesting reading.
This is an episode guide done by an English writer. Thus the delay in getting this on the market for almost five years. Well worth the wait. One of my pet peeves with the Starlog series magazines and the Starlog general magazine as well, is the lack of complete credit lists of the artists and creative personnel. Nothing is more annoying to me than wondering all through an episode who someone is (as in-- I've seen that face before, or, who's that, they're really good?) and wanting to find out what else they've done (using the net of course) and then there is  a swing insert preview or teaser at the end which squinches up the cast credits.   Or you missed the leading credits, but that doesn't matter anyway, because there are five or six guests in the opening credits and you don't know any of them by nane. And they go by too fast to write down.  (Hercules and Xena do this scrunching all the time. Better to scrunch the chief grip, etc. )   These episode guide books are really handy for looking someone up, just as useful as the episode summaries themselves. In addition, there have well-written commentaries and analyses of the major themes of the series.   This series is so well packed that since I have been watching the reruns on TNT, I picked up on sub-texts and hints that were not returned to until the fourth season when there was doubt that a fifth would be done. I am looking forward to buying the last three books, I already have the first two.
Guy Bransby seems to me to be more typical of the British gentleman-adventurer officer of the 19th Century than of the national servicemen and the time servers in obscurity so common in the last fifty years and in today's service. He spent most of his serving time in the \\"backwaters\\" of empire as a light infantryman and an advisor. He was seconded to Vietnam with the New  Zealanders, served on the NW Frontier, in Yemen, and on attache duty.<br />Newly returned to England, and newly married, he was seconded to the RAF Regiment as a trainer. For those of you not familiar with this unit, it's composed of \\"blue men in khaki togs\\", and is mostly light infantry, combined with local air defense, tasked with keeping bad guys (Spetsnaz and SAS types) off the flight line and out of the hangers.<br />Now Bransby as a long-service officer is taking orders from some others twenty years younger and is content to fill out his time.<br />But, due to his facility in Latin American Spanish gained as an aide to a Uruguayan general, he is chosen to head a team of interrogators in the Falklands.<br />This is the story of his adventures and misadventures. Well told tales and with a wry humour which serves him well. If you like tales of  interesting service this is for you.
One seldom encounters the stories of the many thousands of  individuals in the &quot;tail&quot; units which backed up the &quot;teeth&quot; units. Yet many in these so-called &quot;rear-echelon&quot; units faced just as much danger and hardship as any other serviceman in WWII. Remember the tail is always much longer than the teeth. Remember that many of the &quot;tailers&quot; were right up there in the front lines or flying over the enemy. When one considers the risks taken by combat cameramen at Stalingrad on both sides, on bombing runs, and on the targets below, in order to make the photo record that we marvel at today and without which we would have no History Channel with World at War and other series. Consider the clumsy cameras of the time, and the fact that one couldn't fight and take photos at the same time. It's a mighty wonder that the ground photographers did not get the combat  badges that other front-liners got. At least the Army Air Forces airmen got the Air Medal for flight in combat.(QMC &quot;kickers&quot; who flew over the Japanese held areas in Burma also earned well-deserved Air Medals)  As these brave individuals, all of whom are well into their seventies now, continue to pass on, we must hope they record their experiences in print as well as they did on film. In the case of CBI there was a mighty small head and a very long (and slim) body and tail  Thanks for making the record you did, fellows. Carter Rila
If you are looking for a history of knives in the military or a guide to collecting military knives of bygone days, this is not for you. As a part of a series produced by Brassey's of everything from cannons to police protective gear, the emphasis is on what's available on the world market to the using service member for field carry---some few for  fighting and most for  working.  The author has cataloged with clear photos and succint descriptions all of the field cutlery that one might desire to have and use from the GP pocket knive to the latest products of the Ontario company, and just about everything else.   Except for the so-called \\"Spetsnaz fighting shovel\\" all of this cutlery is practical. Included are most of the world's military issue and private purchase knives and tools. A chapter is devoted to each major type, including pure daggers, field utility knives, \\"jungle knives\\" and machetes, and the famous pocket tool kits so common today.   He does not cover the various national issue knives not commercially available, thus the Filipino issue jungle knife and  similar others are not shown. (As this is not a history, cutachas are not covered!)   El Cutachero
I have to welcome with great glee this reprint. Now I will no longer have to wear out my original.   This book is the best available on the Punitive Expedition in Mexico during 1916-1917. It was written by the hero of Columbus, Maj. Frank Tompkins, U.S.Cavalry, in the 1930s.   Included as one of the appendices, is the report of Capt. Benjamin Foulois, U.S. Signal Corps, who commanded the 1st Aero Squadron. (At this time, aviation was considered an adjunct function for scouting, patrolling, and communications and was still part of the Signal Corps. Foulois went on to  a distinguished career as one of the founders of the U.S. Air Service.)   Tompkins, a major at the time of the raid, went on to higher command in France. During the Columbus Raid, he organized the immediate pursuit of Villa's forces and chased them well into Mexico, turning back only because his men had exhausted their ammunition and were without complete field equipment, having hastily fallen in with only their saddles and weapons while under attack.   I have done extensive research in the National Archives on this period and have analyzed the raid itself in detail. I recognized many of the passages in the book were lifted directly from documents in the files of the Southern Department, the immediate higher headquarters, and those of the Punitive Expedition.  Whether Tompkins deliberately omitted his sources or the publisher did, or it just was that the historical writing conventions of the time did not place the emphasis on sourcing that we do now (footnoting to excess at times) makes no difference in the validity or usefulness of the book. After all he did give complete sourcing for the appendices which were copied verbatim.   Where he expresses opinions they are clearly  recognizable.  As Tompkins had almost twenty years to think about and work up his book plus having the advantages of complete access to official documents, and of having been there, and knowing all the other officers who were then serving, no one today could do what he did. Thus the work qualifies for a triple--personal narrative, reporting, and well-considered history.   A really useful memorial to a gallant group of professionals whose like we shall hardly see again.
I have had a copy of this book almost since it came out. As a historian of individual equipment I find it quite useful to reference the dates of usage of many items. Not being a history as such, there are a few minor descriptive errors but these do not detract from the book.
This is one of those books that at first glance you might say it's too expensive. But it is an investment. This is an in depth and scholarly look at multiple genres of Civil War books of all sorts, cogently described with insightful essays. It will save many readers many tedious hours of searching through OCLC and other bibliographies. (Simply for the price of a stay overnight in a downtown Marriot.) Seriously though this  distllation of years of work by a lot of heavy weight scholars will save you many hours of tedious digging. If you cannot persuade your local university or public library to buy it then by all means do so for yourself.  In addition the book includes a listing of the book trade members, both publishers and dealers, who specialize in the Civil War.  Carter Rila
This is a highly popularized recounting of some episodes which occurred during the turbulent  teens of this century along the US Mexican border as a consequence of the spillover of the Mexican Revolution. I have little idea of the sources used by the author but I do know that his tales ring true so far as I, a specialist in the period, am aware of. This book is obviously not intended as final or definitive history. (I had never heard of the publisher until I was told of the book. Nor had I ever seen a review in any publication.)       The book's  purpose is to entertain. Each story  (chapter) stands alone, thus there is a little repetition. The chapters read as  stories written for Frontier Times or the True Magazine of the forties and fifties. Taken as it is presented, a remuda of well written, fact-based historical tales intended for the general reader's entertainment (and incidental acquiring of knowledge along with that entertainment) this work succeeds admirably. I enjoyed reading it and I believe you will too. Carter Rila &quot;el cutachero&quot;- the old border runner.
This book is an excellent sythesis of the latest research and writings of the specialists in the field of US Mexican relations. It is just enough for the non specialist to enjoy and frankly, for a specialist such as myself in this period, I found it well worth reading too. It reads well and can be read in a couple of days at most.  While I have had for even longer a copy of Alan Knight's massive synthesis I admit that I have yet to read that one all the way through. Just the footnotes alone could take a day.  If you want a good sort out of the major players on both sides of the border this is for you. Ronald Atkins' Revolution once was the \\"one book if you're having only one\\", but that one is long out of print. This is an even better one.
Since I appear many times in the text of this book as an observor, as a facilitator, and  as a source, it may be considered presumptuous for me to review it. But since I am competent to do so, here goes. Ed and I knew each other from 1971 when we first met. Since I am in MD and he was in CA our face time was limited but we kept in close touch by snail mail and phone. He made many trips to the source at Collinsville and I dug a large amount of materials out of the National Archives, Smithsonian, and the Library of Congress. Since Ed focused strictly on Collins products and only on the sub lines of machetes and I am interested in all military edged tools and cutlery as well as axe work in general, we overlapped our interests.  Is this the book I have written or would have? Certainly not, but I know for certain that it is all in focus and, unless there is a new vast discovery of documents, if there is  anything more to be known about Collins machetes you can put in a very small pot. By focusing as he did Ed was able to find things that I never did nor even thought to look for.   The ultimate test of this kind of  book is is it  interesting, and  is it useful? I think it is so, and I wll be able to chop out all the corporate history which was in my original work and refer the reader to this one.  Carter Rila
I have had a deep interest for some time in how the US government got sucked into the quagmire of intervention in SE Asia in the fifties. If you read the French sources, they blame the triumph of Ho Chi Minh on the materiel support given him by the OSS missions at the end of the war. If you read the massive work by Archimedes Patti, the support did not make any difference.   But that aside, when one starts pulling on the strings of why the OSS mercy missions of 1945 to Vietnam were sent, it descends from the various US intelligence and special operations agencies working in the area, and a very  tangled web leads back to China--with its US Army-Navy rivalries, US- British rivalries, plus the US State Dept vs. many of the others. Then throw in the Free French and the Vichy governments. And some of these folks lost sight of the fact they were guests and not in a conquered country.   Until the release of the OSS records to the National Archives a few years ago, much of this was hidden except glimpsed in a few memoirs. But the OSS side and the State Department side and the other US departments ' sides are unavoidably  biased views for and against each other and the Chinese sides-the Reds and the Nationalists.     Without seeing from the Chinese side one cannot balance the view point. The author has done this. He has been able to use the memoirs and histories now available from mainland China to develop this history as well as can be expected this close on. Sometimes it takes a hundred years for everyone to finally agree and sometimes there never is a consensus. We have not sorted out our Civil War yet. How can we expect the Chinese to have done so when even the territorial and economic consequences are still being worked out.    This book is an essential tool for beginning that task. It makes clear what all the turf quarrels were between the War Department, the Navy Department, the OSS, the 14th Air Force (Claire Chennault, a profit without honor in his own country, whohad to go to China to prove his theories of air combat.), the British and French governments, and the Chinese Nationalists, whose guests they all were.    If you like organizational histories of the sort of who said what when then this is for you. If you want daring tales of dauntless deeds then look elsewhere. This is an extremely well written and thoroughly researched book but it is not a shoot 'em up operational history. There are many good histories and memoirs of those. Stratton's SACO history is still quite useful but  hard to find.  (By the way, I'm still looking for that Vietnam history.)    Carter Rila
