Welcome back to Star Wars Mr. Allston.  This is the first of a duology that provides new insights to the Vong and the Warmaster.  But it is also Aaron Allston at his typical best.. combining action and humor for an interesting story.
The clone emperor cloned himself and Luke must stop him again.  This is the sequel to Dark Empire and is very entertaining.  There is a Dark Empire III, but you can skip that one.  Dark Empire II is worth a listen.<br />Dark Empire and Dark Empire II take place Six years after the Battle of Endor, (but after the Zahn trilogy).  Luke discovers that the emperor is still alive.  Luke researches whether a jedi has ever returned from the dark side.  This is cool, because this acknowledged the earlier comics dealing with the jedi and sith 3,000 to 5,000 years ago (learned in the holocron's that Luke has gathered.)<br />This is the description of the comic which the audio tape is based on.
I am reviewing the audio cassette version.  John de Lancie created the character Q in the Star Trek, TNG TV show.  He was always funny, fun interesting and engaging.  He is all that here and he leads us and his old buddies Picard and Data on a romp across the universe to solve a mystery, and maybe even prevent the end of time itself!  3 stars is for good.  3 star uis for fun, and having delacie read the book himself, just made it fun to listen to.  Sometimes the plot just got stupid.  I went from laughing and smiling to Ughhhhh back and forth listening to this.  In the end i liked it enough that i have listened to it several times now.  It does get even better with a second listen, but it was 3 star on the first listen.  Now if you like wierd sci fi... You may want to give this a 4 or 5.
With those immortally rewritten words, George lucas created a phenomena like no other film event.  Hundreds of action figures, over 100 novels and TBP comic books and 5 movies later, he created for millions of fans a living galaxy that was a long time ago, in a galaxy far far away.<br />Only recently has a revival emerged via a remake of some old books.. Lord of the Rings.  But Star Wars stands above them all.
I was looking for a Star Wars book to read to a strongly visual son, who is ADHD when I stumbled upon this book set of the original trilogy.  A comic book of the Star Wars trilogy!  What a great way to share a book with a story I know he likes.  This reminded me of a series of comic books that my grandmother had.  Someone had made classic novels into comic so children could share the classics with adults and no rely on TV or movies solely.  This started my collection of all the Darkhorse star Wars comics and I think they have done an excellent job over the years.  <br />This 1996 series was done in comic strip style art, which is not my favorite, but matches much of the early Star Wars comic strip work.  The inking is bright and vibrant, which was just perfect for my son.  The binding made in Canada were solid and have held up to some abuse.<br />As for the story, it is of course abbreviated to fit into about 90 pages full of pictures.  As far as I was concerned, nothing I cared about was skipped.<br />This 3 movie collection is great for collectors or for those who actually wish to share the classic story with young ones.<br />My comics are not missing any pages that I know of.
Anyone confused? Darkhorse has a comic called TALES OF THE JEDI THE COLLECTION that takes place 4,000 years before NH. The ISBN is 1569710203 published aug 1994. Dark horse does indicate that they published Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi - Knights of the Old Republic TPB on Oct 1994, but do not indicated an ISBN. I think that all 3 of these are the same comic. This comic is not to be found on amazon. <br />Then we have Knights of the Old Republic (Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi, Volume One) by Tom Veitch, Chris Gossett, Janine Johnston (Illustrator), David Roach (Illustrator) ISBN 1569710201 RELEASED BY Dark Horse Oct, 1995 with the same cover. <br />They also have Star Wars - Tales of the Jedi: Knights of the Old Republic (Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi) by Tom Veitch, Chris Gosset, Dennis Rodier released by titan books May, 2000 with the same cover under ISBN 1840231726 It seems to be the same comic described by amazon here and called KNIGHTS OF THE OLD REPUBLIC, TALES OF THE JEDI 1 THRU 5 with the same cover art and a different ISBN. <br />I am reviewing a comic called Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi - The collection published by Dark Horse August, 1994 as a TPB compiliation, ISBN: 1569710201. These stories are revealed on Jedi Holocrons recovered by Luke Skywalker. Made in Canada the binding is excellent. <BR>Story 1 - Ulic Qel-Droma and the Beast Wars of Onderon. 51 pages, OK story with some good fights, the artwork is the comic-strip quality used throughout most of the 80's and 90's.<br />Story 2 - The Saga of Nomi Sunrider. 69 pages, the story of Nomi and her daughter, artwork is cheesy and uninspired.<BR>Either way, they are all probably the same, with a title change. Dark horse published this comic in aug 1994, 3 years before its two comics TPB's that take place 5,000 years before NH. I think you should Skip the first 2 on the Timeline and just start here. While the art work is a C the coloring is a C TO D and looks more like the early 80's art and coloring offerings, the 2 stories here is pretty good. The Stories of Ulic Qel-Droma and Nomi Sunrider are worth a read.
This comic is one of the best examples of the kind of work Darkhorse is now doing.  I think that Jan Duursema is the A team penciler - artist they have.  I like the fact that Jan draws in a near photo graphic way.  It is very annoying to be reading a comic and you know what the characters look like, but you can't recognize them because of some creative license the artist took.  I starting buying star wars comics because I could sit and read them with my small children.  With one exception, star wars comics are always family friendly books.  The artwork reinforcing the visual part of the story and I add creative license to help them enjoy the story.  For that purpose, this comic works beautifully.
The artwork is so annoying that I had trouble getting past that to a fairly interesting story.  To bad the cover art is absolutely not like what is on the inside.  The story includes Han and Chewy, along with their old buddy Lando.  They met up with Boba Fett, Ig-88 and Dengar.  This story takes place before new hope, so I give it a -1 on the timeline.  Pencil get 2 stars, story 3 and inking get a 4 for a 3 star rating.. you'll want to read this one.
The is the second of the Dark forces trilogy, telling us the story of Kyle Katarn.  Kyle is both an action figure and the guy who captured the death star plans.  This was originally a game but you shouldn't hold that against this book.  I didn't like the style of the art work, as it was done in a muted washed out looking style.  This trilogy should be part of your collection
Kevin J anderson wrote one of my favorite sets of SW novels, The Jedi Academy.  This comic picks up after that trilogy, and now Kip is a student.  The story was a little below what i hoped for so I rate it 2 stars, but I really liked the pencils, inking and general production quality of this comic, giving it 4 stars for a final rating of 3 stars.<br />The best part of the story was the inclusion of the many characters we have only read about, Kyp, Kirana Ti, Tionne, Streen, Dorsk 82, Luke and Leia.
Ruins is the story of Dusque, an Imperial Bioengineer who becomes involved with a Rebel spy named Finn.  This is a novelization of a video game and it reads like those fine Junior Jedi Scholastic Books novels about the Solo kids in their Jedi Academy days.  <br />The writing is simple and straight forward targeting younger readers.  Because it was packaged in the same manner as the adult and older teen books this writing style bored me at first.  I have read over a dozen of the Scholastic books and enjoyed them, but I was expecting something else here.  The story took a long time to get involved with because the characters were a little to card board and unfamiliar.  Dusque is a naive younger girl who is very smart.  She joins Finn looking for a Holo with the names of rebel spies and sympathizers hoping to secure it before the storm troopers find it.<br />The events take place after the battle of Yavin where the first Death Star was destroyed.  The story itself purports to involve a great mission, but has no importance in the timeline of events for the SW galaxy.  The holo is in the ruins of an old jedi temple on Dantooine.<br />C3PO, Lando, Han, Luke and Leia make cameos.  Once Finn enters the story, it gets more interesting and I do recommend it for younger readers.
This is a review of the 5 CD, 6 hour Audio Book.  The story takes place after Vision of the Future, after the comic where they marry, UNION and before the New Jedi Order NJO period.  <br />This book is such a joy that I have already listened to it twice.  It stars Luke and Mara as a wise cracking team in search of the Outbound Flight which disappeared 50 years ago with 50,000 people.  I was reminded of Nick and Nora of the old Thin Man movies from the 40's, except with light sabers because of the way the characters confronted their mystery with humor and brilliant dialog.<br />Outbound flight was a Jedi lead group of Dreadnaughts that were to explore another galaxy, but disappeared.  The story was originally told in the first Zahn trilogy, with Grand Admiral Thrawn finding and using the workable remnants of that fleet to attack the New Republic.<br />In this story the Chiss have located what was left of the expedition and want to return those remnants to the new republic.  An expedition is put together that includes the Chiss, another race who is apparently grateful to the Jedi and Outbound Flight, a New Republic ambassador Luke and Mara.  <br />This is Luke and Mara the way they should have been portrayed in the NJO.  In NJO they were often included in stories, but written in a manner to keep them out of the way of the main plot.  I suspect together, they are too formidable a team, and in NJO the writers were told to minimize them to keep them from solving the problems too easily.  In NJO Luke was often written as if he was the half idiot son of a crazed monster, and Mara was given a disease to keep her half incapacitated.  But here, they are the devastatingly powerful team we would imagine them to be.<br />As good as the story is, it has a flaws and unanswered questions.  Why would the remnants of a Jedi recruited and lead expedition revolt kill and imprison Jedi?  Why would the Chiss permit inclusion of enemies into their expedition?  Luke's final solution was confusing; I had to go over it a few times to understand it.<br />Those minor questions aside this is a most welcome addition to my SW library.  The CD production is superior.  I am very pleased with the longer audio book versions now being made.  The older SW audio books were usually 2.5 to 3 hours max.  <br />Some have criticized this book as targeting teen audiences.  I would saw NJO targeted young teens.  This book is a throwback to what got me hooked on the expanded universe.  Lets hope we get more of these types of books and less of the type that make Luke a fumbling lost fool.  Lets have more of L&amp;M together.
This particular edition of the NJO is actually pretty good, following sereral mediocre books.  I was expecting worse after the previous trilogy.  But this book combined bringing in some old favorite characters of mine with an interesting advancement of the story line.  It sets up the final NJO.<br />My review is based on the abridged Audio CD.  Based on the other reviews here, it would seem that this book is even better when read.  I know that seems obvious but I generally read the book AND then listen to the audio book.  I have found that the audio books tend to edit out the uninteresting stuff I didn't care for anyway.  But with this book, I hardly recognize the book described in other reviews based on only having listen to the audio.  The audio leaves out most of the cool stuff about Wedge and the battle of Bilbringi and focuses primarily on the Corran Horn - Tahiri - Harrar - NomAnor part of the story.  Secondarily on the Luke -Jacen storyline.<BR>  <BR>For example the Force Heretic trilogy is much better on abridged audio because most of what made those books bad was deleted.  What was left wasn't so bad.  Here it seems that a lot of good stuff had to be sacrificed by the audio editors and I look forward to reading the book soon!<br />At long last, this bitter episode of the star wars expanded universe is almost over.  The editors asked us to trust them but that trust was misplaced.  A sentient planet?  Writers were permitted to go off on uninteresting tangents, characters were dumbed down and hero favorites were killed.  Many thought that it was cool to kill favorite characters.  The compassionate among us said - get over it!!.  But for most long time fans that had come to this universe for the fun it provided, well the fun was diminished at best for some and ruined for others.<br />On a brighter note.. So far the prequel stuff is going well.  The novels, movies and Dark Horse comics are intermixing very well.  Shatterpoint was amazing.  At least here we knowwell that the heroes we are enjoying in the prequel books and comics will all be killed.  A favorite of mine is Quinlan Vos.  I have no expectation that he will ultimately save the day and will likely die in battle.  So I can enjoy his character for the moment with no expectation of greatness.  Anakin Solo on the other hand is a different story.  The youngest son of Han and Leia, the youngster who was a hero in the Corellian trilogy, the youngster in the Young Jedi Knights tales, the youngster that Chewy gave his life for.. to end all the hope and promise with his death was a cruel, unnecessary act.<BR>  <BR>Addition point. - I have seen speculation of some why the NJO was so mediocre.  One answer is expressed at the bottom of the paperback page 96 in a scene and conversation between the shamed one warrior Kunra, Tahiri and Corran:<BR>     The Warriors eyes widened.  One who was shaped!  <BR>     Then his eyes switched to Corran, and he returned to Basic..<BR>      The slayer of Shedao Shai!  We expected Jeedai, but not the most august of them.  <BR>     Ah, there are still a few higher on the ladder than us,<BR>     Corran said.  Luke Skywalker, for instance.<br />    But he does not figures in our sacred tales!  Kunra replied.<br />Even a shamed one knew that the writers were ordered to write Luke and Mara out of the main parts of the story.  The characters are acknowledging that Luke was written out of the way of the main story, action and heroism.  To many of us, this was a huge failing of the NJO.  The consequence of writing Luke so he was out of the way was to make him appear as stupid and impotent.
These stories are written for 8 to 12 year olds, and 50 somethings who are star wars nuts like me.  The 3 star is for the genre, as it seems to be of average quality to the other young persons books I have read and enjoyed.  <br />I thought the review from the young man from arlington heights hit all the key points of the story.  I worked in palatine for 18 years, keep reading and writing, MTFBWY.
First let me say to my friends that know me as a guy that generally reviews books and movies from a family oriented point of view.. legal gambling is neither a sin nor a misdemenor in my church, especially since I haven't lost the house doing it.  I only do legal gambling, in fact, I only play table games, mostly blackjack.<br />Now the review - There are those your laugh at people who advocate betting up as one enters a winning streak, known as progressive betting.  I am just a salesman who occasionally likes to play blackjack.  BUT I don't really like to lose.  I used to set a specific sum asside that represented the lose limit for my wife and I.  And we often went home having lost our limit.  OK, that is the cost for having enjoyed ourselves.  Well, I'd much rather go home even or ahead.<br />I have tested much of what this book teaches over the last 2 1/2 years.  I started with a modest $300 worth of deposits to my gambling fund.  I started a diary.  I have gone on 12 trips that included a casino and have played 42 days, with 1 to 4 play sessions each day, but it is about 100 play sessions.  The sessions seldom exceed 2 hours each because I employ max win and loss goals.  I pay all tips to dealers or waitresses who brings me juice and water, from winnings.  I only play $5 tables on rare occasions I play a $10 table if that is all there is.<br />Bottom line is that the $300.00 is currently at $271.00.  <br />You could say that I have drank a lot of cranberry, orange and tomato juice and gotten over 30 buffets for $29.00.  We go to mississippi a lot and its pretty easy to get a room for 24.99.  If not, we take the motor home and pay $22 to $33 per night.  We have also gotten compted for Kids Quest at Grand Casino.  <br />My total also includes the fact that i have lost $210.00 playing non-blackjack table games, otherwise i would have been ahead.  But these temptations are part of the casino and can't be ignored.<br />Biloxi, Ms isn't Myrtle Beach, the Dells or Disney World but it does have fun stuff for the kids.<BR>  <br />Do I recommend this book?  YES!!!
This is a review of the AUDIO CD book.  While this is an abridgement it is 5 CDs and 5 hours long.  <br />This is the best NJO novel of them all.  <br />OK.  Maybe I'm glad the NJO is finally over and I'm over-rating this book for that reason.  But NO!  This book manages to tie up many lose ends - not all of them tho like some have said - and deliver a coherent conclusion amidst tremendous action.  A lot of your questions are answered here, but many interesting questions remain unanswered, leaving the door open for future books to followup.<br />This is a 5 star effort.  Check me out.  I seldom give 5 stars.  <br />I will never let Lucas licensing suck me into a series again.  They made me want to buy every book as a MUST HAVE for the series, but then they start killing off some of my favorite characters.  I stopped after SBS for a long time buying the books, relying on the library or otherwise borrowing until recently.  Having said that, I really DO like what is going on in the Pre-quel storylines.. mixing the books, comics and movies to tell a fuller story.  I'll be sad when they kill Quinlan Vos, Windu and the others but we know it is their likely destiny.<br />I always felt that killing ANAKIN was mean and insensitive to long time star wars followers like myself.<br />So this is the bitter end of the bitter NJO.  A sentient Planet?  Lets see by a raise of hands, how many would have preferred Anakins help to that of a sentient planet?<br />I know a lot of people thought it was cool to kill heroes like Chewy and Anakin Solo.  The compassionate among you urged us to GET OVER IT!!  The Editors asked us to trust them.  Mostly that trust was misplaced, though they did deliver a 4 star and 5 star book at the end as numbers 18 and 19.  Still, I would have loved to see Anakin charge in after Shimmra with his siblings, Leia, Han, Uncle Luke and Aunt Mara.<br />That would have been the perfect end.
First let me say that this is just a fun 3 star book, but I laughed out load often enough to give it a 4th star.  Thjis is not Frank Capra and there is no jimmie Stewart.  What we get is Diesel.  Diesel is like if Ranger was from the world of Harry Potter.  Diesel is.. well special. <br />I bought the unabridged Audio CD and Lorelei king does a great job creating the various voices from Steph to Ranger, Diesel,  Morelli to Grandma and Lula.  <BR> <BR>I must have read these out of order, becuase in To The Nines, Valerie and Kloughn have a baby, but Valerie only has 2 kids in this one.<br />Anyway, ignor those Naysayers, becuase if you've like this books so far, you'll enjoy this short offering.
This Comic combines issues 36 through 39 and losely picks up where the TPB DARKNESS leaves off.  Given that the story mostly involves events that take place before the battle of Naboo I would put it at -32.05 BNH.<br />The story opens with Quinlan and his padawan Aayla Secura finally at the Jedi Temple for memory recovery.  Windu begins telling the story of Iaco Stark and the hyperspace war that involved Bacta and Thyferra.  The SHW takes place just before EP1.<br />The story is by Ostrander, one of my favorites and rates 4.5.<br />The overall comic design is a throwback to the old style comic strip stuff I thought we were past.<br />Design gets 3 stars.  In fact, the poor design decision may be the cause for my partial dislike of the pencil and ink work.  The pencil work is uneven with the main flaw being the poorly drawn rendition of Obi-Wan.  The inking by Vecchia is 4.5 stars and could have been a 5 had the design been more like Darkness or the new TPB Clone Wars volume 2.  Duursema's cover art is 5 stars.<br />The art of Foster is 2 stars.<br />Overall, this is a solid 4 star comic and highly recommended.  It is a valuable addition to brilliantly conceived PRE-QUEL era work being done by Darkhorse and Lucas et al.
I have been critical of the occasional lack of quality control by lazy editors at dark horse.  But this comic is magnificent!  I had tripidations when i realized that two writters, 3 pencilers and 3 inkers were involved.  But the editors and everyone else did their jobs and the results are tremendous.<br />The master plan for the entire PRE-QUEL endeavor has been very satisfying so far, unlike the extremely disappointing NJO.  Here the master plan combines excellent novels and comic books with the movies to tell the story.<br />Excellent followup to volume 1.  Great job Lucas films and darkhorse.
I use this book occasionally, but it is lacks the detailed for use by itself.  Where I do use it is with mapquest, that tends to not show the smaller lakes, but the Gazetteer does a much better job.
Back in the 70's I read most of the watergate related books and novels.  This one was the most memorable of them all.  Even the two Woodward and Bernstein books didn't seem to have any answers about what really happened.  The nixon was pure evil versions don't wash.  <br />This book was also made into a movie.  <br />Until we got the book Silent Coup, this fictional telling in novel form, gave us some of the best incite into the many questions raised in other books.  The book gives a CIA based story of what may have happened, and I see only minor conflicts with Silent Coupe.<br />Time has so distorted what happened then, but it is important to understand what happened and the political motives to get nixon.  Certainly Dean is no longer the hero, some believed him to be.
I have been singing the praises of dark horse for their run of excellently done Star wars based comics.  That is why I was stunned at how poorly done this one was.  The story is a mediocre telling rated at 2.5.  Pencils are a 3, but coloring is just plain dull.  There is not one page that makes you say WOW.  I will certainly be more careful in my purchases of comics colored by Curtis Arnold and Dave Stewart in the future as they rate a 2.5 for this rush job.  The best part of the comic is the pencil work of Ryan Benjamin, he gets a 4.  Hopefully he gets teamed with a better group next time out.
This is a review of the abridged Audio CD for Shatterpoint. <BR>Before listening to this CD I had read with interest some of the other reviews. They tended to describe the type of story that I usually don't like. I don't tend to like the labyrinth journey type of stories where the characters wander about lost both as to their location but also as to the view of themselves and their world. <br />Well this is not what you get with this audio CD. Random house tends to abridge a 350 page book down to 2CD's for a 2 ½ to 3 hours of listening pleasure. This abridgement takes a slightly longer 416 page book and makes a 6 ½ hour CD! There is nothing boring about this version of the book. <br />Windu is wandering about and in this case the labyrinth is the jungle on his home world. But the story keeps evolving and changing so that your interest is kept. The characters change also which contributes to keeping your interest as well. For those who liked the action of the X-Wing books, you get plenty of action and battles here. The book is a little gory, but it has minimal detail in the audio CD, which makes it less gory and grotesque than some of the early NJO books. <br />What do we know of Windu BEFORE reading Shatterpoint. He is the senior Jedi council member and has frequently made bad decisions when deploying Jedi on missions. He repeatedly underestimates the seriousness of the crises at hand. He is a strong pacifist at heart.<br />One example of bad decisions: Windu learns that a member of the Trade Federation has vital information for the Jedi and is waiting in a \\"safe house\\". Windu looks around the room full of Jedi, who are there to welcome a new graduate from Padawan to Jedi Knight, to decide who should take the important task of escorting the informant safely to the Jedi Temple. He selects the newly named Jedi (Darsha Assant) to take on the mission all by herself. Then, it's a 2 hour job and no one has heard from her, and her master have been missing for 48 hours! So Windu sends a young Obi-Wan (even though Qui-Gon is there at the temple and could have gone) all by himself to find the two missing Jedi and their informant. <br />Shatterpoint ends the speculation as to the nature of the character of Mace Windu. Is it he that could have prevented the total destruction of the Jedi order and of the galactic Republic? In the beginning of the book he explains what a Shatterpoint is, and why it was his failure to act that led to massive destruction. <br />Following the Battle of Geonosis Windu has sent Jedi throughout the galaxy to build resistance to the Separatists who are bringing down governments. Here, his Padawan Depa Billaba has disappeared, but they receive a communication that seems to suggest that she has gone crazy. Windu goes alone to Haruun Kalto to bring Depa back, against Yoda's request that he bring help. We see Windu make more bad decisions based on emotion, rather than listening to the force, but we also see Windu the warrior. We even see a glimpse of the wisdom that must have helped him become, in effect, the manager of Jedi operations for the Jedi Council. <br />I have not yet read the 416 page book yet, but based on the 6 ½ hour Audio CD, this is one of the best books in the entire SW expanded universe. The quality so far of the books in this \\"prequel\\" era has been excellent, superior really to the NJO. <br />Lucas licensing is to be applauded for the way they are evolving the story by using the novels and the comics from dark horse to go with the movies. One can't help but notice the new, high quality art and inking going on at Dark horse as of about 2 years ago. I only have 2 complaints, Jan Duursema doesn't do MORE of the pencil work and the truly POOR quality of the binding of the TPB (complied) comics since they moved the manufacturing from Canada to China. <br />I highly recommend this audio CD and hope that they will start making longer abridgements like this one in the future and even unabridged. MTFBWY.
This is the 2nd book of a trilogy about the 10 year old Boba Fett set 1 month after the battle of Geonosis.  On the current timeline as of April 2003 this is also the 3rd of 11 existing or planned stories about the Clone Wars that start with Episode 2.   Crossfire does contribute to the story evolving in the Prequel Era and ties in well with the movies, other books and the Dark horse comics. <br />Aurra sing has brought Boba to Count Dooku on Raxus Prime.  Boba discovers that they are drilling for a force device.  They Jedi lead troops arrive leading to the title of the book CROSSFIRE.  Completist like me wish to read this book because it does offer some substance.<br />These books are said to be written for 9 to 12 years, but the same is said of the Jedi Quest series.  The Jedi Quest books are much better.  But if one want to know about young Boba Fett, this is where it can be found.  I see most reviews award 4 or 5 stars.  Others are free to say that this should be ranked among the very best books ever written.  For me, I award 4 stars for books that are above average and 5 stars rarely.  I find it difficult to give this modest yet entertaining book anything except a grade of FAIR or 2 stars.  Seems that 5 stars are for Moby Dick or Wraith Squadron or Courtship of Princess Leia.<br />Darkhorse is also doing Clone Wars comics.  They are well done and worth a look.  The entire prequel era was well thought out and I am enjoying the books and comics, and now the cartoon shows.
Following the pattern of filling in details about the prequel era, this book fits in and adds new details to the live and times of the characters that we meet in Episode 2 TPM.  The first 90 plus pages are the view of the events in episode 2 through 10 year old Boba Fetts eyes.  We experience his feeling about the deaths of Zam and Jango.  We see his live on Kamino and the battle of Geonosis as he witnessed it, included when windu Slices hi fathers head off.  But then Boba is suddenly alone and must survive.  The last 50 pages show how he must deal with others in his search for Count Dooku known as Tyranus to a small few.  <br />This book takes place during the events of Ep1 and the next few days after so I have it at [money amount]on the SW timeline.  The book includes the clone wars timeline that existed when it was published in April 2003.  It is written for an age level of about 8 to 11 year olds which is why I can only give it 2 stars since I have children who are in there 20s.  But it does contribute to the overall SW story and can be read very quickly.  We learn only a little bit that is new.  For a real understanding about Jango, Check out the comics because they provide a lot of details we don't learn elsewhere yet.<br />This book can be a nice reader for an adult to share with their children.  What Lucas licensing is doing is telling the story through various media like books for children, comics, novels and the movies.  Each is fitting together very nicely evidencing so excellent advance planning.  I also recommend the comics from Dark horse.  Though the comics are harder to read for younger children than this book, the illustrations are rich and detailed.  My son prefers that I read the comics with him because he is a very visual person.
This is a review of the unabridged audio cassette version of To the Nines.<br />Stephanie is still romping about the Burg with all the familiar friends to support and frustrate her.  She still seems to be the reluctant Bounty Hunter who has learned little about her profession, but boy does she attract attention from the bad guy here.<br />Shockingly, some unknown perp is killing people and threatening our hero!  Ranger starts assigning his buddys to protect her, but Steph seems to have a knack of getting her protectors disabled, lost or left behind.<br />This time the story, as if we care about the plot anyway, is about a visa bailee, a Indian man, Samuel Singh who disappears.  I listened to this while driving to Mississippi for a family vacation and there are laugh out laugh moments.  Steph, Connie and lula get a little trip to Vegas alone the way.  I found this ironic since I was on my way to Biloxi for some blackjack while my kids enjoyed Kids Quest and other amusements.<br />Valerie is expecting and everyone ends up living at mom and dads house... Valerie and her now 3 children and Kloughn share one bedroom, granny Mazur has a bedroom and mom and dad have one.  Dad is using the toilet down at the corner gas station.  You can guess where Stephanie is.<br />Grandma Bella is having her visions and of course they seem to be mixed up.  She sees lots of babies and also sees Stephie dead and in the ground.  Some reviewers have called this book boring, Huh?  Sure the plots are silly, but that is part of the fun.<br />This book is contained on 5 cassettes.  The reader does a great job doing the various voices.  My copy had a poorly made tape 4, and yes I cleaned the heads but the last third of side 8 was like listening to something in slow motion.  Fortuneately tape 5 was fine for the exciting chase in pitch dark.<br />I can't believe that Evanovich keeps cranking out these wonderfully funny and entertaining visits to the wacky world of Miss Plum.  I now have all 9 on audio and hope that there is a 10th.
This is a review of the Unabridged Audio CD of book 1.  Amazingly, my review will be number 4594!  I have never seen a book get 1000 reviews.<br />I had never seen the movie or read the book but my 25 year old son told me he feels this book should be required reading in school.  Just got back from driving the family on a vacation and it was fun listening to Jim Dale read this book.  I think this is the same song and dance Jim Dale that played Doc Terminus so wonderfully in Petes Dragon.<br />What a great adventure it was to hear Dale, a veteran broadway actor read this book with the accents and passion with which he delivered the story.<br />This books comes on 7 CDs and covered the drive from Tampa to Biloxi perfectly.  So if you have a 10 hour drive ahead of you, consider obtaining the audio version of this book.
While I am refusing to BUY any SW book that comes on the time line after SBS, I was able to get the Abridged Audio Tapes of these three books, and have now listen to the tapes of all 3 books and read books 1 and 2.  I had seldom seen authors slammed so harshly since Children of the Jedi, Planet of Twilight, Crystal Star and the Black Fleet Crisis books.  On the time line years 12 through 17 were a time of mostly very bad books.<BR>  <BR>I have now finished the FH trilogy abridged audio books.  Up front I must say that the Audio book editor must have agreed with many of the negative reviews.  It seems that a lot of the stuff that miffed the some readers was deleted from the audio.  I will disagree with some reviewers in that this first book is the most interesting of the 3.  In book 2, you can just read the Bakura story and not miss anything.  Then it switches, and in book 3 you need only read sentient planet story line.  <BR>The Skywalker stuff was the most heavily deleted.  I am not sure we can blame the authors.  There has been a tendency for writers to \\"get rid\\" of Luke on some meaningless, boring mission.  He has gotten to powerful, especially when teamed with Mara.  So Luke is often written as if he is insanely stupid and self indulgent.  In short, they may have been ordered to include Luke, since this is the Adventures of Luke Skywalker, but get him out of the way of the plot.<BR>  <BR>After editing the books to fit into 2 ½ hours of audio, we are left with a real good, fast paced story.  In FHII, the story that is left after editing is almost entirely the Bakura story.  Again, the end result is a vast improvement over the original the unabridged story. <BR> <BR>I therefore praise and highly recommend the audio versions of this trilogy for those who like to listen while they drive, like me.  (PS the big complaint with Shatterpoint is the long boring parts also.  But they edited that down to a 6 hour audio book and it is awesome!)  <br />Big disconnect betweenthe Book jacket-cover and the actual story.  Those who have noted this disconnect in other reviews are correct.  <br />How have we advanced the story?  Is a sentient planet going to come to the rescue?  Will Jacen continue on his slide into complete stupidity?  Will Jaina regain any meaningful place in conflict?  Will Luke and Mara continue to be written out of the important stuff?  Where is Kyp?  Where is Corran Horn?  Will Tahiri evolve into a new life form?  Will the alliance with Pellaeon last?  Stay tuned.<br />I have generally been displeased with much that has been the NJO.  The \\"Prequel\\" books are another matter.  I have liked them all so far.  I especially liked Tatooine Ghost, a new addition to the Classic Era, which ties us back to the Prequel Era.  The disconnect has two explanations, Laziness or willful misrepresentation.  Only the Del Rey people know for sure.  Shatterpoint, which is a 6 hour audio, book is tremendous.  All is not mediocrity in the EU, just here in NJO.
This is a short review on both the Audio book and the novel Heretic II.  This is arguably the least interesting of this trilogy except that I really did enjoy the story about going back to Bakura.   You could actually skip this book entirely if you are a busy person and just read books 1 and 3.  Even better, just listen to the book on tape like I did and get the whole story in a couple hours.  <br />I did borrow the audio books for all 3 books and the paperbacks for books 1 and 2.  I refuse to spend any money on NJO material since SBS.  This book does little to advance the trilogy.  I am going to give 3 stars because I like the Bakura story.  See my more detailed reviews of books 1 and 3 for more.<br />Audio book.  Jonathan Davis, who does most of the NJO is awesome.  Random House Audio does a great job editing the books for abridgements that get the story right.  I have every SW audio book ever made up through SBS, and have listened to all those after SBS.  Random house combines the talents of the narrator, the John Williams music and sound effects with generally excellent editing for a very enjoyable experience.  I wish they would offer some of my favorites in unabridged versions bnut they seldom do.
This is a review of Jedi Quest Volume 3 DANGEROUS GAMES.  Three Jedi teams are sent to a stone less planet that is ruled totally by 10 people.  It is the time of galactic games like earths Olympics except done every 7 years.  This planet was chosen for the games due to its high proportions of security personnel as the galaxy has become a more dangerous place recently.  The Jedi has sent 3 teams of Jedi with their Padawan's for security.  The 3 Padawans are Padawan Ferus (Padawan of Siri Tachi)  Tru and Anakin.  <br />Anakin had not seen a Pod Race since Tatooine, but racing action combines with intrigue to equal an enjoyable read.<br />The Jedi Quest series is primarily for readers aged 9 to 12 , and are the tale adventures of Obi-Wan and his Padawan, the future Darth Vader. I read them for their insights into these key SW characters and the fact that the books are fun.  A pleasant surprise has been that these books are also available on Audio Cassette Unabridged.  Watson is a good job weaving a story with some action and mystery to hold a readers attention while delving into the relationship between Obi-Wan and Anakin.  Young Jedi Knights is another younger reader series written by Anderson and Moesta as well as the 18 book series called Jedi Apprentice about Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan.
This a review for Trail of the Jedi, TOTJ. Trail is the 2nd book in the Jedi Quest series and I am reviewing both the Unabridged audio casette and the paperback. <br />In TOTJ Obi-Wan feels that he are Anakin are not as close as they should be. So he plans a 10 day exercise on a very sparsely inhabited planet where he and Anakin must work together in a game of hind and go seek with an experienced Jedi Master. <br />Of course things start to go wrong right away in the hunt. Also, Anakin and Obi-Wan do not understand each other. In the end they both learn a little something about each other, but they also learn that someone want to kill them. The hunt is resolved in this book, but the Identity of the killer is not and will be continued in future books of this series. <BR>The audio book is extremely well done by veteran SW reader Davis. The story here is defineately simplified for younger readers, but for completists like me, Watson dioes a nice job exploring the interactions between Ben and the future Vader. <BR>In the first book Anakin learns to cooperate with a fellow Padawan Ferus (Padawan of Siri Tachi) who is well liked by his fellow Padawans and also a good leader. The continuing curiosity in any Prequel book is how Anakin and Obi-Wan loss each other such that Anakin becomes Darth Vader <BR>Jude Watson does advance the character study of Anakin Skywalker. <br />This is a book written for 9 to 12 year olds, but I enjoyed Jude Watson handling of Anakin. I am pleased that the decision was made to put this book on unabridged Audio cassettes. I have almost every Star Wars audio book ever made up to NJO Star by Star. Davis is an experienced SW reader and does a great job.
This is a review of Mara Jade  By the Emperors Hand a comic TPB which collects 6 issues.  ISBN 1569714010 published Sept 1999 and made in Canada.  <br />This is a beautifully done comic given the technology available at the time, 1999.  Visually the artwork took the time to draw the panels at a higher quality level than was usually done in the late 90s.  Artwork gets 4 stars.<br />Inking and lay out is a step up from, but still has the newspaper comic strip appearance.  The inking and color selections are subdued so I grade at 3.5 because it lacks the richness that Dark horse is capable of, but not displayed in this comic.  <br />Story but Zahn and Stackpole oh my  Story is worth any quibbling about art and ink, though this is a comic as in a visual story.  The story is 4.5 and pulls the overall grade up to 4 stars.<br />This is written almost as a companion to Zahn trilogy that revived the EU.  We also see Mara in Jabbas fortress.  The cover shows Mara with a Red light saber, but she wields a purple one throughout the book.  Old Red eye  blue eye Isard is in this story.<br />JediMack!  Only 4 stars?  This is arguably the best comic produced in its timeframe given the technology that existed in 1999.  The binding is superior, which is good because this book has been re-read and seen some abuse and was made well enough to take it.  I must reserve 5 star ratings for the best of the best, and in future years dark horse starts producing comic that are jaw dropping gorgeous with rich coloring and awesome penciling.
This is a review of Mara Jade ' By the Emperors Hand a comic TPB which collects 6 issues.  ISBN 1569714010 published Sept 1999 and made in Canada.  <br />Before the Emperor died he planted the thought in Mara:  YOU WILL KILL LUKE SKYWALKER!!  Now they marry.<br />This is a beautifully done comic given the technology available at the time, 1999.  Visually the artwork took the time to draw the panels at a higher quality level than was usually done in the late 90's.  Artwork gets 4 stars.<br />Inking and lay out is a step up from, but still has the newspaper comic strip appearance.  The inking and color selections are subdued so I grade at 3.5 because it lacks the richness that Dark horse is capable of, but not displayed in this comic.  <br />Story but Zahn and Stackpole oh my'  Story is worth any quibbling about art and ink, though this is a comic as in a visual story.  The story is 4.5 and pulls the overall grade up to 4 stars.<br />This is written almost as a companion to Zahn trilogy that revived the EU.  We also see Mara in Jabba's fortress.  The cover shows Mara with a Red light saber, but she wields a purple one throughout the book.  Old Red eye ' blue eye Isard is in this story.<br />JediMack!  Only 4 stars?  This is arguably the best comic produced in its timeframe given the technology that existed in 1999.  The binding is superior, which is good because this book has been re-read and seen some abuse and was made well enough to take it.  I must reserve 5 star ratings for the best of the best, and in future years dark horse starts producing comic that are jaw dropping gorgeous with rich coloring and awesome penciling.
Vol 8 of 9 in the X-Wing comic series returns part o the art team that produced BAH vol 7.  We get better consistency and I think good detailing in the pencil work.  The characters are draw rounded and fuller, some call it cartoonish.  To me Jedi vs Sith is cartoonish but I see their point.  The inking color and backgrounds are a 3.5.  The story is very enjoyable, also a 3.5.  The cover was a 3.5 for a solid grade of 3.5.  I'm gonna round down, becuase it is not difficult to find out what Han Solo is supposed to look like.  <br />The comic opens with a space battle that uses muted orange and brown for its explosions, rather than a more potent coloring with reds and brighter yellows.  The overall effect is still visually interesting and fun to see.  Visually everything is clean and sharp.  The rounded characters start to get anowing after a while.  Further, I tried reading this to my son, and he kept asking me who was who.  I did always have an answer that I was 100% sure of.  When everyone looks round and full and sharply drawn I guess it can become confusing.  Reminds me of the problem I have with the character renderings in Union.  Everyone looked to much alike.<br />Because Johnson and Hall drew the main characters differently then they have been rendered in previous comics, if takes a bit to get into the flow of who is who.  Fel is the guy with the beard and goatee.   We still have Wedge, Tycho, Hobbie, Wes, Nrin, Ibtisam, Feylis, Avan Beruss, Plourr, and Xarcee Huwla. Han, Leia, Chewy, Winter, Ackbar, Pestage, Isarde, and Leonia Tavira.<br />Still this is better than some of the X-Wing comics and a worthwhile read.
This is a review for both the Hard cover book and the audio Casette.  <br />I read this 10 years ago, as the second book following the Zahn Trilogy.  By comparison it was natural to feel disappointed.  But over the years, listening to it several times on audio cassette it has grown on me.  The question you are asking, with so many SW books to select from should you read this one?  Yes.<br />Luke falls in love.  The characters here appear in the Corellian Trilogy.  Bakura and Biotechnology used by the Ssi Ruuk is revisited in the ill intentioned NJO series.  Though it didn't seem to fit when I first read the book, the story here does fit nicely with the entire Expanded Universe.<br />On the timeline I have this one at year 4.5 ANH.  The story takes place right after the battle at Endor in ROTJ.  Ben appears and tells Luke to go to Bakura.  Luke, at age 20 is in command and can only assemble a small force after the devastation of the battle they have just fought.  Naturally the Falcon, Han, Leia and Chewy are available to assist.  <br />The point of the plot is for the Rebels to help the Imperial garrison on Bakura defend against an invasion that is coming from the unknown regions.  The invaders are Large Reptilian creatures that, when they speak sound like flutes playing.  They use entechment to take the essence of sentient beings and place that essence inside their machines to run those machines.<br />This is a book I recommend reading if you are now deciding to read the stories written for the classic era which starts with the Han Solo trilogy and ends with the Zahn Duology and the Dark Horse comic Union.  Fortunately, at this writing, Amazon.com had both new and used audio cassettes and paperbacks for sale.<BR><br />Audio Casette.  This is an abridged version that can be listened to in about 2 ½ hours.  Anthony Heald is the reader and he is the best.  I recommend all the Bantam Audio books for star wars.  They do a great job presenting the books with music and sound effects.
This is Vol 6 of the X-Wing saga, and the 2nd of 2 TPB's about Baron fel.  Stackpole does the entire story here and we get a new art team of crespo Hall and Johnson with 4 ink and color people.<br />The pencil work has very few lazy artist panels and only a 2 sections where the ink and coloring fell off so I give the art team a 3.8.  Who ever did the pencils in last 25% of the book was a 4plus.<br />This is a comic, I usually emphasis the visual elements in my grading.  But this is the second half of the story of Baron Soontir Fel, the greatest fighter ace of the empire, and for a short time a Rogue, and the guy the Wedges sister marries.  This comic is about the story and you will like the story.  It is a strong plus that the artwork here is about average.
This is a comic by titan with the same title, authors and artist as a dark horse comic.  This is the dark horse comic I own try going here for TWP<br />Paperback: 96 pages ; Dimensions (in inches): 0.22 x 10.21 x 6.64 <BR>Publisher: Dark Horse Comics; 1 edition (November 4, 1998) <BR>ISBN: 1569713308
You will find it here:<br />* Paperback: 96 pages ; Dimensions (in inches): 0.20 x 10.22 x 6.68 <BR>* Publisher: Dark Horse Comics; (July 17, 2000) <BR>* ISBN: 1569714878
This Titan book seems to be the same as a Dark Horse Comic of the same name.  the picture shown here is actually one of the great DH works of art done by Dave Dorman and appeared on the first issue of a 4 comic series called Rebel Opposition, that was not made into a TPB.<br />Try looking here for RFAR:<br />* Paperback: 112 pages ; Dimensions (in inches): 0.25 x 10.25 x 6.25 <BR>* Publisher: Dark Horse Comics; 1 edition (February 3, 1999) <BR>* ASIN: 1569713316
The X-Wing rogue Squadron Comics, also written by Stackpole et al take us directly into this novel, the 1st of 4.  <br />I completed reading the 8 Dark Horse TPB comics about the Wedge and Rogue Squadron Adventures.  Stackpole wrote these comics after the 4 novels.  One gains a whole new appreciation of the tapestry he has created here.  The comics happen on the timeline before the novels and set up the events in the novels perfectly.  I don't knowing own any stock in Dark horse, but I recommend reading the comics first, then start reading the novels in the timeline order.  That is what I have just started doing.<br />Ultimately this is all about the conquest of Coruscant and driving out Isard.  Wedge is of course the star of the comics and the novels.  But an important new character emerges, Corran Horn.  Corran is flight 9, arguably the 4th most senior of the 12 pilots.  Wedge, Hobby, Wes and Tycho have been together a long time but Corran works himself in.  He has two important assets.  One is that he is the son of a jedi.  Secondly, he was a senior detective on Corellia.  So we have a cop jedi pilot quite an asset for a squadron that both dogfights with the best and also functions as a special forces unit. <br />Don't pay any attention to those 1 and 2 star ratings.  This is the fun stuff that so many of us loved before the dark times called NJO.
Requiem for a Rogue is an important comic for the X-Wing comics that follow.  It is volume 5, but Vol 1 and 4 were so mediocre, that this could have been the end of the series.  Gone is artist Nadeau and Ensign, in are Barr and Erskine.<br />The story from Strnad is a 3, but the art and inking is a hugh improvement getting 3.5 and the cover is a 3 for a grade of 3.<br />The main strength with this comic, since I found the story to be mediocre, is the richness and detail and effort put forward by the artists.  I wanted to give this a 4 based on art, but the story just is that interesting and except for a look at some Bothans, nothing important happens otherwise.  Again, this comic is most important for its strong visualimpact that may have allowed there to be more in the series.
This comic can be found here:<br />* Paperback: 96 pages ; Dimensions (in inches): 0.25 x 10.29 x 6.73 <BR>* Publisher: Dark Horse Comics; (May 5, 1999) <BR>* ISBN: 1569713839
I think these books take place after Truce at Bakura So I have placed themon the timeline at year 5 and 6 ANH.  Are these 12 year old books worth reading?  Who should read them?<br />I came across 3 of these, books 1, 4 and 6 of 6 written b the Davids.  They are simple stories and come illustrated in simple pen and ink.  They are not relavent to the EU, but they are nice little stories about the star wars characters for younf listeners and readers.  When reading to the young you need help holding their attention especially my ADHD son.  Pictures help.  That is also why I have turned to buying and reading the dark horse comics about star wars.<br />Which is better?  I like the comics better, but sometimes, with all those beautifully colored and inked pictures and the varying panels, it is hard for the kids to follow.  But these simple little bantam Skylark books are sometimes perfect.  Amazon actually had 73 new and used of the 1st book in the series when I wrote this in 2003.
This is actually the second TPB of this series collecting issues 9 to 12.  volume 1 was poorly done and never made a TPB.  Volume 2, The Phantom Affair, TPA,  had as its only real flaw a drab cover.  Battleground Tatooine, BT, has a spectacular Cover and then the rest is a slight drop off in comparison with TPA.  Nadeau's pencil work lacks some of the detail and there are many more lazy artist panels in TB vs TPA.  <BR>Story gets a 4, Cover a 5, Pencils 3.5, ink and coloring a 3.5 for a grade of 3 stars.<br />Key players in this comic areCapt wedge Antilles, Lt. Tycho Celchu, Elscol Loro, Admiral Ackbar, Lt. Wes Janson, Dllr Nep, Plourr Ilo, Hobbie Klivan, Windmere Wellen, the blond after wedge,  Winter, with grey hair who is interested in Tycho, Huff Darklighter, Ko'Shak, Cazne'olan, Sixtus Quin, and Kapp Dendo.<BR>The story here sets but some events in the Bacta War book.<br />The story here sets but some events in the Bacta War book.
Dark Horse made a lot of X-Wing Rogue Squadron comics.  After a false start with the first 4 issues called Rebel Opposition, which contains some of the best cover art of all, which was never made into a TPB.  Dorman drew Wedge for the very first issue, and this is the Wedge that I have on my wall.  <br />Stackpole had introduced us to Wedge and his band of Rogues with his 4 X-wing books written from Feb of 1996 to Feb of 1997.  The Phantom Affair is the first TPB and was published in Nov. 1997 collecting issues 5 to 8.  On the star wars timeline I have placed it at the end of year 5 ANH at 5.91.  My feeling is that all 8 TPB's come just before the novels.<br />Story grade is 4.5, pencils vary but get a 4, ink and color vary from 3 to 4, and cover is a 3 for a grade of 4 stars.<br />The story here is fun, but the art is a real mixed bag.  Sometimes the pencils, ink and coloring are luxurious, rich and awesome.  The artwork itself is consistently detailed with almost not lazy artists panels.  Given the technology that existed at the time, this is one of the best TPB comics ever produced by Dark Horse.  Look at the impact that Stackpole has had on the EU.  This is where we meet Mirax on the time line, because the comic take place before the novels and the assault on Coruscant.  <br />Like most people I read the novels first, then the comics.  My advice today for those wishing to engage the tales of Wedge and the X-Wing saga is to start with right here with this comic.  This comic is totally start alone and introduces many of the main characters that you will get to know and love.  Meet Mirax Terrik, daughter of booster, Wedge, Hobby, Wes Janson, and Tycho.<br />There must have been some real butt kicking at Dark horse because almost everything about this comic is brilliantly conceived and executed, except the drably colored cover.
=    Wonderful littles stories to read to the kids<BR>Reviewer: JediMack ...<BR>I think these books take place after Truce at Bakura So I have placed themon the timeline at year 5 and 6 ANH. Are these 12 year old books worth reading? Who should read them?<BR>I came across 3 of these, books 1, 4 and 6 of 6 written b the Davids. They are simple stories and come illustrated in simple pen and ink. They are not relavent to the EU, but they are nice little stories about the star wars characters for younf listeners and readers. When reading to the young you need help holding their attention especially my ADHD son. Pictures help. That is also why I have turned to buying and reading the dark horse comics about star wars.<br />Which is better? I like the comics better, but sometimes, with all those beautifully colored and inked pictures and the varying panels, it is hard for the kids to follow. But these simple little bantam Skylark books are sometimes perfect. Amazon.com actually had 73 new and used of the 1st book in the series when I wrote this in 2003.
Volume 4 Continues the decline started when we went from the highs of Vol 2 to vol 3.   But hang in there Vol 5, Requiem is an big uptick in quality and Vol 6 through 9 are good.<br />Story gets 3, Pencils 2.0, ink 2.0 and cover 3 for a grade of 2.5, rounding down to 2 stars for the hugh number of poorly done panels in this comic. <br />This comic starts with a very well done space dogfight that lasts 7 pages.  Then we get page 8 and some of the least inspiring pencil work you will ever see at Dark horse.  Whats worse, is that the coloring and inking is equally mediocre and washed out.  This badly done art and ink goes on for 15 pages!  Finally on page 24 do we get a panel that resembles art and only because the color and inking is better.  From there the quality, visually varies, from a 2 to at best 3.5.   Only near the the end of the comic do we see anything approaching the richness of color that DH is capable of.    <br />And what was with the dull, subdued cover that could have been pretty cool.<br />I am sorry to disagree with a fellow Tampa Bay resident over there in St. Pete, and with HandofThrawn but I own every Dark horse Star Wars TPB comic ever printed, and this one ranks in the bottom third in terms of quality.<br />To the lady readers, ask yourself, would you rather look like the Plourr draw by Biukovic in volume 2 TPA or the lazy art drawings by Nadeau.  If this is a 5 star comic, where do you grade RFAR the next X-Wing comic which is vastly vastly vastly superior visually in every way.<BR>  <BR>The best part about this comic is the introduction of new people, who you will like a lot better in future works; Nrin Vakil a Quarren, Ibtisam from mon Calamari who is important to a novel to come, Feylis Ardele, a human, Leonia Tavira who appears in the novels and Herrian a Bith.<br />I read this comic once, nothing happens that is particularly important and it is depressing to look at that artwork here especially compared to the next TPB in this series.
Vol 9 MR returns the Pencil and Inking people I have liked the least in this series.  But this was their best effort and is one of the 3 best comics in the 8 TPB series visually.  The characters are drawn with sufficient detail so that there is little confusion on who is who, which was a problem in Vol 8.<BR>As good as the artwork is, it is still not up to the best that Dark horse has done so it get a 4.  <br />The story is an important addition to the further understanding of the characters that will appear in the novels to come.  The story is the perfect ending of the series of comics and leads us right into the novels.  The novels will take us to the conquest of Coruscant and ultimately the defeat of Ol'Iceheart.<br />This is a solid 4 star comic and I strongly recommend it, with a ps. For Mr's. Nadeau and Crespo.  I accused you of lazy art in previous work.  Very good job here.
This is a review of Dark horse TPB Star wars Clone Wars Volume 1 The Defense of Kamino (CW-DOK) and other tales.  It collects Republic series 49 and 50 plus Jedi Mace Windu.  It takes place 1 TO 3 months after the battle of Geonosis but before the excellent novel SHATTERPOINT, year -21 BNH on the timeline.<BR>   <BR>It was amazing to read this comic jus a couple days after finishing Shatterpoint.  The coordination between Dark horse and Del Rey is a thrilling thing.  After the hideous results of NJO the whole Expanded universe prequel effort is spine chillingly amazing!<br />Story one Sacrific.  This story takes place 1 month after the battle of Geonosis and is another glorious effort from the team of Ostrander and Duursema.  This story includes Zenex, who is of the same race as Xizor, future head of black sun.  We also see Aalya Secura as a jedi after her trials and tribulations earlier and her master Quinlan Vos, a favorite of my son and I.  The story and artwork are superior.  The decision as to coloring is puzzling, as it seems to mute and darken the whole visual effect.  And why color the light sabers in predominant white with only a hue of color around the energy blade?  Dooku and our buddy Sidious are of course in this story.<br />Story 2 The Defense of Kamino is broken up into 3 tales.  <br />Tales A.  Brothers in Arms.  Good story with impressive artwork and awesome coloring.  The coloring is still done as if in a dark atmosphere, but the inker Parsons was created a richer for satisfying visual look than we saw in story one.  The pencil work by Duursema is awesome as usual, and the drawings of Ben and Anakin are perfect.  <br />Tale B Jango's Legacy is very good, but I have one negative comment.  Duursema must not have given Thompson the pictures of what Ben and Anakin look like because he didn't do a very good job.  Stephen, you got to be more careful when drawing someone that everyone knows.  Good job otherwise.<br />Tales C.  No End in Sight.  This has an awesome space battle that is a visual marvel on all levels.<br />Story 3.  Schism.  Features Windu and is another masterful job by Ostrander - Duursema and Parsons.<br />ONE OF MY PET PEEVES HAS BEEN THE BINDING PROBLEMS WITH THE COMICS MADE IN CHINA.  THIS ONE HAS SEEN SOME ABUSE ALREADY AND IT IS NOT FALLING APART IN MY HANDS.<br />This story here ties into the movies and other comic so well and, with only minor complaints, is a visual marvel, is it OK to mention the enemy?, that I am awarding this comic SOMETHING I RARELY DO... 5 STARS.
This review is for the Audio Casette. The events in this book is supposed to take place in year 4 ANH on the timeline. Xizor is in this book and Xizor dies during year 3 so one could say this book takes place somewhere between NH and right up to his death just before the events in Shadows of the Empire and ROTJ. Having said that, the book starts by telling us how Boba Fett survives the Sarlacc. Huh? You put this trilogy on the time line where you want.<br />Of all the books and comics about the bounty hunters, this one is clearly the best, and most informative. It looks like a lot of people liked this book less than I did by all the 1 star reviews and lack of 5 star reviews. I may have liked the story, in fact the entire trilogy because I have yet to read the books, only listened to the audio. I drive a lot and also listen while exercising. The audio is very abridged because about 1,100 pages are condensed into 7.5 hours of very enjoyable listening. Plus, check out the performance from the reader Anthony Heald, he is awesome. The point that my review doesn't mean the others were wrong if they thought the story was slow and boring. Bantam cut a lot of stuff out for the audio, and sometimes that is a good thing. I do wish that they offered unabridged, but they seldom do.<br />Characters? They are all here plus some interesting new characters. In the audio version one is really drawn to the Dengar character and Neelah. Made me buy a couple 4 inch action figures after the first time I listened to this trilogy. I have gone through it at least twice so far.<br />The title is misnomer and selected for marketing reasons only. Even the trilogy title, Bounty Hunter Wars is a misnomer. A more accurate title would BH Treachery. Want to know more about the Mandalorian's and their armor, check out the Dark Horse comics, Amazon.com has most of the old ones available in new and used. <br />The reviews for the second book in the trilogy are even more scathing. Book 3 delivered for most. I liked all three. Some of the redundancy that was book 2 wasn't apparent in the audio version. So I recommend going on a road trip of at least 7.5 hours, pop in the cassette and enjoy this trilogy
This review is for the Audio Casette. The events in this book is supposed to take place in year 4 ANH on the timeline. Xizor is in this book and Xizor dies during year 3 so one could say this book takes place somewhere between NH and right up to his death just before the events in Shadows of the Empire and ROTJ. Having said that, the book starts by telling us how Boba Fett survives the Sarlacc. Huh? You put this trilogy on the time line where you want.<br />Of all the books and comics about the bounty hunters, this one is clearly the best, and most informative. It looks like a lot of people liked this book less than I did by all the 1 star reviews and lack of 5 star reviews. I may have liked the story, in fact the entire trilogy because I have yet to read the books, only listened to the audio. I drive a lot and also listen while exercising. The audio is very abridged because about 1,100 pages are condensed into 7.5 hours of very enjoyable listening. Plus, check out the performance from the reader Anthony Heald, he is awesome. The point that my review doesn't mean the others were wrong if they thought the story was slow and boring. Bantam cut a lot of stuff out for the audio, and sometimes that is a good thing. I do wish that they offered unabridged, but they seldom do.<br />Characters? They are all here plus some interesting new characters. In the audio version one is really drawn to the Dengar character. Made me buy a couple 4 inch action figures after the first time I listened to this trilogy. I have gone through it at least twice so far.<br />The title is misnomer and selected for marketing reasons only. Even the trilogy title, Bounty Hunter Wars is a misnomer. A more accurate title would BH Treachery. Want to know more about the Mandalorian's and their armor, check out the Dark Horse comics. <br />The reviews for the second book in the trilogy are even more scathing. Book 3 delivered for most. I liked all three. Some of the redundancy that was book 2 wasn't apparent in the audio version. So I recommend going on a road trip of at least 7.5 hours, pop in the cassette and enjoy this trilogy
This review is for the Audio Casette. The events in this book is supposed to take place in year 4 ANH on the timeline. Xizor is in this book and Xizor dies during year 3 so one could say this book takes place somewhere between NH and right up to his death just before the events in Shadows of the Empire and ROTJ. Having said that, the book starts by telling us how Boba Fett survives the Sarlacc. Huh? You put this trilogy on the time line where you want.<br />Of all the books and comics about the bounty hunters, this one is clearly the best, and most informative. It looks like a lot of people liked this book less than I did by all the 1 star reviews and lack of 5 star reviews. I may have liked the story, in fact the entire trilogy because I have yet to read the books, only listened to the audio. I drive a lot and also listen while exercising. The audio is very abridged because about 1,100 pages are condensed into 7.5 hours of very enjoyable listening. Plus, check out the performance from the reader Anthony Heald, he is awesome. The point that my review doesn't mean the others were wrong if they thought the story was slow and boring. Bantam cut a lot of stuff out for the audio, and sometimes that is a good thing. I do wish that they offered unabridged, but they seldom do.<br />Characters? They are all here plus some interesting new characters. In the audio version one is really drawn to the Dengar character. Made me buy a couple 4 inch action figures after the first time I listened to this trilogy. I have gone through it at least twice so far.<br />The title is misnomer and selected for marketing reasons only. Even the trilogy title, Bounty Hunter Wars is a misnomer. A more accurate title would BH Treachery. Want to know more about the Mandalorian's and their armor, check out the Dark Horse comics. <br />The reviews for the second book in the trilogy are even more scathing. Book 3 delivered for most. I liked all three. Some of the redundancy that was book 2 wasn't apparent in the audio version. So I recommend going on a road trip of at least 7.5 hours, pop in the cassette and enjoy this trilogy
This is review of the Dark horse TPB comic Episode I Adventures ISBN 1569714436 published march 2000 and printed in Canada. <BR> <BR>Here is who will like this comic... Did you like the movie?  Did you read the novelization for more?  Do you like the Graphic Novel aspect presented by a well done comic book?  If you answered yes to all 3, you will probably grade this at 4 to 5 stars.<br />SWE1 Adventures is a little like the Journal series where the original SW movie was retold from the point of view of 3 of the main characters.  This comic is 4 stories told from the perspective of a single character and a final conclusionary story.  <br />This is a beautifully produced comic using recent technical improvement, but still made in Canada, so the binding is real good.  In fact, My son has had me reading this comic to him a frequently and it is taking some physical abuse, and holding up to that abuse.  I have been so disappointing with the binding of the TPB's since sending the manufacture to China.<br />Story 1 - Anakin is excellent in every way... story, pencils, inking and coloring 3.5 stars.<br />Story 2 - Amadala did not have that richness of visual appeal nor attention to detail by the pencil artist.  The saving grace is that the story is OK.  This is not a story my son asks me to read - 3 stars.<br />Story 3 - Qui-Gon Jinn - good story, good production - 3.5 stars.<br />Story 4 - Obi-Wan Kenobi - Best story, very rich coloring and inking, good pencils 5 stars!<br />Story 5 - Adventures - a sort of a wrap-up story which is the least interesting of the 5, but is one of the most visually interesting works - 3 stars.<br />The obi-wan story is worth the price of admission all by itself so I am rounding up and giving this comic 4 stars and a solid recommendation.
This is a review of Shadow of the Empire which is available as a hard cover book of 340 (ISBN 0553574132) pages, a comic (isbn 1569711836), a novelization of 176 pages (isbn 044013036) and audio cassette (isbn 0553100890).  This story tales places between ESB and ROTJ.  I always felt it was one of the more important stories of the Expanded Universe given that Xizor became an action figure as did Dash Render and his ship (Outrider).  The whole gang is in this one even Han, though is encased in carbonite.  We get Vader, the emperor, Fett, Guri, Boosk, 4-Lom, Jabba, Zuckuss and Wedge along with the regular gang of heroes.  <br />Apparently Dark horse did have available any pictures of Lando or Leia because the artists did a lousy job of drawing them.  Most of the time Luke was OK, but sometimes he looked like Jessica Lynch.  They did do a great job drawing Fett, Vader and dash however.<br />Everyone is searching for Han, but he has not be taken directly to Jabba.  Xizor has risen to lead Black Sun which has thrived since Darth Maul wiped out the old leadership.  His newest ambition is to replace Vader as #2 in the empire.  Xizor orders Luke killed knowing that Vader wants him alive.  Then Xizor captured Leia.<BR>  <BR>This is one of my favorite of all the EU stories.  Steve Perry has created a new and exciting Journey.  The novel is 4 stars and the comic is 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4.  Considering that Dark horse released this in 1997 before some of their awesome new production techniques, this is a very well done comic.  The abridged audio cassette is good quality, but at on 2 ½ hours to much is cut.
This is a review of Shadow of the Empire which is available as a hard cover book of 340 (ISBN 0553574132) pages, a comic (isbn 1569711836), a novelization of 176 pages (isbn 044013036) and audio cassette (isbn 0553100890). <br />This story tales places between ESB and ROTJ. I always felt it was one of the more important stories of the Expanded Universe given that Xizor became an action figure as did Dash Render and his ship (Outrider). The whole gang is in this one even Han, though is encased in carbonite. We get Vader, the emperor, Fett, Guri, Boosk, 4-Lom, Jabba, Zuckuss and Wedge along with the regular gang of heroes. <br />Apparently Dark horse did have available any pictures of Lando or Leia because the artists did a lousy job of drawing them. Most of the time Luke was OK, but sometimes he looked like Jessica Lynch. They did do a great job drawing Fett, Vader and dash however. <br />Everyone is searching for Han, but he has not be taken directly to Jabba. Xizor has risen to lead Black Sun which has thrived since Darth Maul wiped out the old leadership. His newest ambition is to replace Vader as #2 in the empire. Xizor orders Luke killed knowing that Vader wants him alive. Then Xizor captured Leia.<br />This is one of my favorite of all the EU stories. Steve Perry has created a new and exciting Journey. The novel is 4 stars and the comic is 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4. Considering that Dark horse released this in 1997 before some of their awesome new production techniques, this is a very well done comic. The abridged audio cassette is good quality, but at on 2 ½ hours to much is cut.
This is a review of Shadow of the Empire which is available as a hard cover book of 340 (ISBN 0553574132) pages, a comic (isbn 1569711836), a novelization of 176 pages (isbn 044013036) and audio cassette (isbn 0553100890). <br />This story tales places between ESB and ROTJ. I always felt it was one of the more important stories of the Expanded Universe given that Xizor became an action figure as did Dash Render and his ship (Outrider). The whole gang is in this one even Han, though he is encased in carbonite. We get Vader, the emperor, Fett, Guri, Boosk, 4-Lom, Jabba, Zuckuss and Wedge along with the regular gang of heroes. <br />Apparently Dark horse did not have available any pictures of Lando or Leia because the artists did a lousy job of drawing them. Most of the time Luke was OK, but sometimes he looked like Jessica Lynch. They did do a great job drawing Fett, Vader and dash however. <br />Everyone is searching for Han, but he has not be taken directly to Jabba. Xizor has risen to lead Black Sun which has thrived since Darth Maul wiped out the old leadership. His newest ambition is to replace Vader as #2 in the empire. Xizor orders Luke killed knowing that Vader wants him alive. Then Xizor captured Leia.<br />This is one of my favorite of all the EU stories. Steve Perry has created a new and exciting Journey. The novel is 4 stars and the comic is 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4. Considering that Dark horse released this in 1997 before some of their awesome new production techniques, this is a very well done comic. The abridged audio cassette is good quality, but at on 2 ½ hours to much is cut.
Anthony Heald is the great.  He is so good that I'd rather listen to him do a book than the dramatizations I've heard.<br />This is a review of Shadow of the Empire which is available as a hard cover book of 340 (ISBN 0553574132) pages, a comic (isbn 1569711836), a novelization of 176 pages (isbn 044013036) and audio cassette (isbn 0553100890). This story tales places between ESB and ROTJ. I always felt it was one of the more important stories of the Expanded Universe given that Xizor became an action figure as did Dash Render and his ship (Outrider). The whole gang is in this one even Han, though is encased in carbonite. We get Vader, the emperor, Fett, Guri, Boosk, 4-Lom, Jabba, Zuckuss and Wedge along with the regular gang of heroes. <BR>Apparently Dark horse did have available any pictures of Lando or Leia because the artists did a lousy job of drawing them. Most of the time Luke was OK, but sometimes he looked like Jessica Lynch. They did do a great job drawing Fett, Vader and dash however. <BR>Everyone is searching for Han, but he has not be taken directly to Jabba. Xizor has risen to lead Black Sun which has thrived since Darth Maul wiped out the old leadership. His newest ambition is to replace Vader as #2 in the empire. Xizor orders Luke killed knowing that Vader wants him alive. Then Xizor captured Leia.<br />This is one of my favorite of all the EU stories. Steve Perry has created a new and exciting Journey. The novel is 4 stars and the comic is 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4. Considering that Dark horse released this in 1997 before some of their awesome new production techniques, this is a very well done comic. The abridged audio cassette is good quality, but at on 2 ½ hours to much is cut.
I am reviewing Shadow of the Empire  Evolution ISBN 156971441X A Dark Horse TPB Ccomic published Feb., 2000 at 120 pages, printed in Canada.  This is the one with the blond Guri dominating the cover.  Not the one with Boba fett dominating the cover.  Sorry for all that, but some of the reviews here are for the first SHADOWS comic based on the novel.  This comic, Evolution, is not based on a book but rather collects 5 issues into one story called a TPB.  <br />Evolution picked up after the apparent death of Xizor in SOTE, which took place between ESB and ROTJ in year 3 After New Hope on the timeline.  Evolution takes place at about the same time as ROTJ in year 4 ANH.  This is a story featuring Guri, Xizors personal assassin.  She is a beautiful, blond human-replica droid who likes reflex blue outfits and wonders if a droid can dream.  Steve Perry, the author that brought us the SOTE journey joins Dark horse as the story writer.<br />This comic was produced at a time that the inking, coloring and manufacturer techniques were starting to produce superior looking comics.  Because it was made in Canada, the binding is excellent, a problem with later TPB comics made in China.<br />The art style is cartoonish, one I generally do not care for, but it works here.  Regardless of whether you like the cartoonish style, the pencil art is excellent and detailed.  An interesting thing that I noticed was that special care was taken to draw Luke and Leia to look like the real actors that they are.  Dark horse has been criticized by me and others for allowing their artists to just wing in when drawing Luke, Leia and Lando.  The SW reader knows what these 3 people are supposed to look like, and a lazy pencil artist cant fly that one past us.  Well I say all that to congratulate the Artist and editor here for getting Luke and Leia right.  <br />Oh yes, if you like to look at the female body as an art form, you will like this comic.  At times it is sexy without being obscene so you can still read it to your 5 and 6 year kids.<br />The inking and color here are almost awesome.  By 2002 the process that they are evolving will mature into jaw dropping visual art.  This one was pretty close.  <br />SPOILER!!  Guri doesnt die in this comic.  I seem to remember listening to a book on tape where Guri came up in the story, but I cant recall if it was a NJO or Prequel book.<br />With the pencils, ink and color all rated at 3.5 to 4, and a story that is good, 3 to 3.5 I decided that this is a 4 star effort and a recommended read.
This is a review of Shadow of the Empire which is available as a hard cover book of 340 (ISBN 0553574132) pages, a comic (isbn 1569711836), a novelization of 176 pages (isbn 044013036) and audio cassette (isbn 0553100890).  This story tales places between ESB and ROTJ.  I always felt it was one of the more important stories of the Expanded Universe given that Xizor became an action figure as did Dash Render and his ship (Outrider).  The whole gang is in this one even Han, though is encased in carbonite.  We get Vader, the emperor, Fett, Guri, Boosk, 4-Lom, Jabba, Zuckuss and Wedge along with the regular gang of heroes.  <br />Apparently Dark horse did have available any pictures of Lando or Leia because the artists did a lousy job of drawing them.  Most of the time Luke was OK, but sometimes he looked like Jessica Lynch.  They did do a great job drawing Fett, Vader and dash however.<br />Everyone is searching for Han, but he has not be taken directly to Jabba.  Xizor has risen to lead Black Sun which has thrived since Darth Maul wiped out the old leadership.  His newest ambition is to replace Vader as #2 in the empire.  Xizor orders Luke killed knowing that Vader wants him alive.  Then Xizor captured Leia.<BR>  <BR>This is one of my favorite of all the EU stories.  Steve Perry has created a new and exciting Journey.  The novel is 4 stars and the comic is 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4.  Considering that Dark horse released this in 1997 before some of their awesome new production techniques, this is a very well done comic.  The abridged audio cassette is good quality, but at on 2 ½ hours to much is cut.
Even before this book, Hitchens would appear on news panels representing the far left on PBS when Mc Neil was still on hand to present balance.  I always enjoyed his comments as they combined left wing ideology, sarcasm, wit and humor.  A sense of humor is sadly missing on the left.  I have never seen a time when good people could be forced to drink the kool-aid for party over county.  <br />I guess this is why Hitchens is a good lefty, but a really bad democrat.  He probably voted green.  Hitchens was not alone as a lefty who did not like the Clintons.  The final straw must have been when Clinton bombed an aspirin factory 3 days after learning it was not a WMD plant, for the sole reason that he needed a distraction from the latest scandal.<br />The case is made here that all was politics for the Clintons and the word of Bill or Hillary meant nothing.  The only abiding rule was, what will keep Bill in office and get Hillary elected after him.<br />This is not the best of the Clinton expose books, but it is a small contribution in our understanding of what has happened to the political party that I, now a recovering democrat,   supported for 20 years.
I am reviewing CLASSIC STAR WARS - THE EARLY ADVENTURES VOLUME 4 ISBN 156971178X which collects issues 1 - 9 of the dark horse comic, published May, 1997 printed in Canada.  It is also known as Classic SW Volume 4 - The Early Adventures.  This is a Hugh comic book collection running 200 pages.<br />This is a masterful reproduction of newspaper comic strips that ran in the late 1970's.  The strips were made into 9 comics and then into this TPB.  The art style is therefore that of a newspaper comic strip rating 2 stars.  But dark horse has done great job of inking on high quality paper.  My copy has no washed out pages typical of newspaper strips and the binding is excellent.<br />Star Wars blasted into our consciousness before we knew there would be a trilogy.  These comic strips were all we had to fill the thirst for more more more.  Of course I did not know about the Brian Daley novels that had been written in 1979 and 1980.<BR>While it is true that the Williamson-Goodwin TPB is a better version, this is a fun reprise from the past.  I'm the kind of guy who bought the old flash Gordon serial because I wanted to see it all run together as if it were a movie.  Reading a comic strip all put together is fun also.
This is a fully illustrated 48 page, fully illustrated targeted to 7 to 9 year olds.  Chapter 1 is Luke's Dream, an adventure with Luke and friends in Beggars Canyon.  Chapter 2 is A Secret message and is the story of Luke meeting the droids that he will spend the rest of his life with.  Chapter 3 is Runaway Droid and chapter 4 is Obi-Wan Kenobi which ends with the conversation in bens Home.  <br />These are well made and illustrated books.  They are easier for young children to follow than comics.  The artwork is better than many comics as well.  His is part of Random house's Step Into Reading ...
This is a review of the dark horse adaptation of the Foster Novel published Dec, 1996 and the Del Rey Novel published Feb 1978. This is probably the beginning of the Expanded Universe so the story is SW history. The comic strips started in 1978, but were probably written after this book. The first of the Brian Daley trilogy wasn't published until 1979. It was even written before ESB.<br />My copy of the paperback has a forward written by George Lucas written as he was preparing to write ROTJ where he says: <br />Quote - SPLINTER was promoted as a further adventure of Luke Skywalker. It hit the bookstores just as I was preparing to write my own further adventure of Luke, in the form of a script entitled THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK. - unquote.<br />History not-withstanding, when compared to what followed this is one of the weakest novels and weakest comic produced in the Expanded Universe - Further Adventures. The pencil work is only fair, the story is weak and the inking is well below current Dark Horse standards. The individual comic issues had some very good cover art, but the TPN cover is one of the ugliest in all of Dark horse. This should probably be only 2 stars, but given its place in SW history I'll give it a 3.
This is a review of Star Wars - Boba Fett - Enemy of the Empire TPB, a collection of 4 issues ½ of a wizard magazine comic - Salvage published Oct 1999 as ISBN 156971407x,  Printed in Canada.<br />This is one of the finest comic Dark horse has ever produced.  It is beautifully produced with above average artwork, excellent inking and superior binding.  I have sat and read through this comic many times and it has never fallen apart in my hands.  The story is action packed, featuring a duel between Vader and Fett.  Ken kellys cover art is a 5, the story is a 4, the inking is a 4.  The artwork is generally a 2 and a 3 often resembling the comic strip style rather than the rich art we now see in later comics.  There were 3 different illustrators with unequal results.  But for 1999 this was awesome.
This TPB is one you will love or hate.  The pencil work at times is chillingly awesome.  At other times it will make your face crunch up in a grimace!.  The tipoff is the truly odd drawing of Luke on the cover.  The inking, binding and other production features are excellent.  I have seen Dark horse try this cartoon quality art style and I dont care for it.  Some of the middle pages had washed out colors.  Bottom line is that I enjoyed the story and some of the art work enough that it overcomes the bizarre pages so I give this 2 stars.
This is a review of classic Star Wars Volume 2 - the rebel storm.  This is the continuing collection of newspaper comic strips produced in the early 1980s published July, 1995 and printed in Canada.  <br />Vader is alive and Han is not in carbonite, so this is the continuing story of our heros during the period of episode 4 thru 6.  The stories are fun to read and the artwork is slightly better than the typical comic strip.  Our heroes are busy battling Monsterous creatures much more than batling the empire.  Ben and Vader make appearances.  <br />The inking and binding are excellent but this is not up to the standards that exist today, hence the 3 star rating.<br />Unlike some of the early SW work, these stories DO fit in with the Expanded Universe that fits around the movies.  Recommended.
is a review of the dark horse TPB comic ISBN 1569711097 which collects Classic star Wars issues 1 -7  that were based on the newspaper strips.  The second edition was printed July, 1996 and printed in Canada.  <br />This is supposed to be the adventures of our heroes that picks up after ESB.  Except that han solo is in the stories, so lets just say that these stories take place during Episodes 4 thru 6.  What is fun is that the stories continue and almost flow into Splinter of a Minds Eye.  I agree with most that the 3 volumes done by Goodwin and Williamson are superior to Volume 4, which is based on Marvel work.<br />The drawings in this comic are a step up from what we typically get in newspaper strip artwork.  Dark horse has done a great job producing beautifully inked pages.  I can't give 5 stars here, because I am comparing this to the comics that DH is producing now.  This is a 3 star work when compared to future works.<br />The stories here are fun to read.  Remember that this was once all we had for a SW Expanded Universe.   The creators here did a good job being faithful to the characters that Lucas created.
Originally published in 1983 as 3 separate novels, RandomHouse reissued as a trilogy in July, 1994.  I was slow on the draw, finding this little gem at Crown books in Bloomingdale in October, 1999.  <br />These are odd little stories who chief virtue is that all 3 cover only 408 pages, they can therefore be read quickly.  If only someone would edit the Black Fleet Crises down from 900 to 400 pages, but I dream...<br />Mindharp is the first story and the best of the three.  This tells how Lando got the falcon learned to fly it.  Flamewind is a bit confusing but a worthwhile read.  Starcave may be one of the stupidest plots I have ever read.  What saves it is Lando and his interaction with the creatures.<br />If yo decide to skip reading these books, you'll be missing nothing regarding the SW EU.  Mindharp is worth the price of the book, if you can find a copy.
This is a review of the Scholastic book Star wars Journal - Captive of Evil -by Princess Leia Organa - written by Jude Watson and published July, 1998.  Scholastic specializes in books for 9 to 12 year olds, and jude Watson is an experienced author in writing at this level.  Watson is also the author of the Prequel books aimed at the same age group called Jedi Quest which is the adventures of obi-Wan and his young Padawan Anakin.  <br />In the novelization of Star Wars the adventures of Luke Skywalker (sometimes called New Hope) they expanded a little on the torture that Leia received while she was captive on the Death Star.  This short book is the Journal that Leia kept while being held in the tender graces of Tarkin and Vader.  It is the journal she kept throughout NH giving us her take on the greatest movie ever made.<br />Scholastic has also produced journal for Luke and Han if you like this one.
I am reviewing Star Wars: Bounty Hunters ISBN 1569714673 which was published in Sept 2000, printed in Canada.  <br />It collects the comics called -<br />Star wars: Bounty Hunters - Aurra Sing and is story 1.  Good story, pencils and ink -grade = 3.5<br />Star wars: Bounty Hunters - Scoundrels Wages and is story 2.  This wasn't bad except that Lando looked like a black Geraldo rivera  or the late sammy davis, Jr.  Maybe Mel rubi was to busy to bothering finding out what lando looks like, but surely DH pays editors to assume some responsibility for quality control.  Given that the story and inking were above average, you'd think someone would have cared if the pencil work was subpar.  2 stars.<br />Boba Fett - Twin Engines of destruction and is story 3.  What a shame that the pencils and inking here were on par with a newpaper comic strip.  I complained about the art in story 2, but the inking And coloring were rich and visually strong.  The effort here was on par with that done in THE EARLY ADVENTURES - ranging from mediocre to good.  Some pages are brilliantly done.  Some are lazily done and other pages were washed out.<br />Star wars: Bounty Hunters - Kenix Kil and is story 4.  The art, penciling and ink are pretty good here, there is a richness and detail that here accommodate for the darkness in which the story is drawn and colored.  An interesting story of a character we see elsewhere in the DH EU.<br />My version has a completely different cover than the one shown by amazon.  But the Darkhorse site is showing the same one that I have.   Either way, if amazon has this one in new or used, it is a worthwhile read.  The art and writing is a mixed bag, as this TPB is drawn from 4 different comics.  <br />This one is hard to place on the time line but dark horse says it is -32+ BHN meaning that the stories take place anytime after the year 32BNH.  Ok.  That explains why Characters that are 8 years old in -32 can be adults.<br />The cover art.  Dorman is the best.  There is a new artist Duursema that is my second favorite.<br />Collective graded, the work here is to good to grade at a 2, but not nearly as good as other comics that I have graded a 4 so we give a weak 3.
This is a review of the Dark horse TPB comic Classic Star Wars volume 3 - Escape to Hoth.  Dark Horse did an excellent job collecting and enhancing newspaper comic strips from the early 1980's.  The pencil work is good, but here, who was that lady pretending to be Leia?   The stories are fun and worthwhile.  <br />It does seem that Dark horse has let the quality of its art and writing slide a bit as they went along here.  Volume 1 and 2 are the best.  Volume 3 is OK, and volume 4 is only fair.  I gave them all 3 stars because the stories can be a fun journey that DOES fit in with the movies.
Now that I have read all the books up to SBS once and listen to the audio versions at least twice, I feel my Vector Prime review was right on.  The new bosses sold Lucas an interesting concept, but they executed it with way to much darkness and gore.  Tom clancey takes his characters into deep PooDoo for a couple hundred pages.  These people took usinto the poodoo for a couple thousand pages, then kill the heir apparent and hero in grooming.  <br />There is no question that after a string of really bad books, largely running on the SW time line from year 12 to 16, something had to change.  The concept of an invasion from outside the galaxy to provide a new enemy was a great idea.  But if you're going to create a new darkness and dread in the SW universe, killing Chewy and Anakin is to much overkill.<br />Clearly among some this darkness and gore was well received.  Among the hundreds of reviews of this book there are a lot of 1 star reviews and a lot of 5 star reviews.  Based on my experience in the SW EU chat rooms, the older fan tended to hate to the new direction, but not exclusively.  Frank McI., a reviewer I respect liked the new direction a lot more than I. <BR> <BR>A common complaint in the reviews I have read is that the author and editors didn't understand the force and the abilities of Luke and Mara as they had evolved.  For fans of Luke and Mara this was a problem.  Often the author was instructed to include Luke and Mara in the book but had to write Luke out of the important plot lines, because he and Mara are a team that is extremely powerful.  <br />Star Wars is sci fi fantasy where continuity has been maintained. I visit the SW universe (re reading sw books) for escape, not to have my favorite characters killed.  It just did not seem necessary to remove the fun from SW over a span of so many books.
This is a combined review of The paper back book and the comic from Dark horse, Classic star wars - Han Solo at stars end - Volume 5. This comic is based on the stand alone novelette written by the late Brian Daley. For those who had read AC Crispens Han Solo Trilogy (my favorite of the entire EU), Crispen left time in his story to accommodate Daley's stories about Han and Chewy taking a trip to the corporate sector. Virtually nothing is known about the corp sector except what Daley told us in his 3 novels about his favorite character, Han. One of those 3 stories is HS at SE. <BR>This comic has good inking and binding but the pencil and artwork is of comic strip quality. I give the story a 5, inking a 3 and pencils a 2, then I round up because the stars are Han and chewy for 4 stars
This is the best of the three Star Wars Tales TPB comics complied so far. I am reviewing Star Wars tales volume 3, simply called Star Wars Tales by Amazon. This is ISBN 1569718369 and collects issues 9 through 12 of the Dark horse quarterly comic-book anthology STAR WARS TALES. <br />This is my favorite of the 3 SWT volumes. It is 20 stories that I can read to my son (who has a short attention span and ADHD) and enjoy them together. The art work quality varies, as each story has different production staff working on them, but generally the art is from a 3 to a 4.5. The Stories are very uneven, but out of 20, if you found 5 that you could re-read with your kids, won't you call the book a winner? It is. That is why I assign it 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4.<br />At 224 pages, watch for poor binding. Many of the larger TPB comics I have purchased since manufacture was moved from Canada to china have bindings where the comic just falls apart in your hands. The one I have is OK, but I want to be aware of the problem.<br />The cover art is by Tsuneo Sanda, and is an awesome picture of Han Solo standing with a hugh fire blazing in the background.
This is the second story of the Brian Daley trilogy.  This is a book I found at a second hand store in the mid-90's.  I had already started reading the Expanded Universe books that began with the Zahn trilogy.  Brian also did the radio dramas but sadly died before seeing the expanded universe explode into what it has become.  He is the first EU novelists.  <BR>My favorite of the Daley trilogy is Han solo's Revenge.  Second is HS at Stars End (which is also available is a Dark horse comic).  Lost legacy is my least favorite of the three stories, but it is still a good read.  <BR>My wife found the entire trilogy in a garage at a garage sale in about 1995.  In 1997 came the AC Crispen Han Solo trilogy.  I was wary how two trilogies could span the same time frame.  To my surprise and delight, crispen did a great job wrting around the Solo trip to the corporate sector, thus incorporating Daleys work into official EUdoom.  <BR>One vacation I read in order the first 2 AC Crispen novels of the Han solo trilogy.  Then I read the daley trilogy and concluded with the last of the Crispen trilogy, Rebel Dawn.
This is a combined review of The paper back book and the comic from Dark horse, Classic star wars - Han Solo at stars end - Volume 5. This comic is based on the stand alone novelette written by the late Brian Daley. For those who had read AC Crispens Han Solo Trilogy (my favorite of the entire EU), Crispen left time in his story to accommodate Daley's stories about Han and Chewy taking a trip to the corporate sector. Virtually nothing is known about the corp sector except what Daley told us in his 3 novels about his favorite character, Han. One of those 3 stories is HS at SE. <br />This comic has good inking and binding but the pencil and artwork is of comic strip quality. I give the story a 5, inking a 3 and pencils a 2, then I round up because the stars are Han and chewy for 4 stars
This is a review of Classic star wars - Han Solo at stars end - Volume 5.  This comic is based on the stand alone novelette written by the late Brian Daley.  For those who had read AC Crispens Han Solo Trilogy (my favorite of the entire EU), Crispen left time in his story to accommodate Daley's stories about Han and Chewy taking a trip to the corporate sector.  Virtually nothing is known about the corp sector except what Daley told us in his 3 novels about his favorite character, Han.  One of those 3 stories is HS at SE.  <br />This comic has good inking and binding but the pencil and artwork is of comic strip quality.  I give the story a 5, inking a 3 and pencils a 2, then I round up because the stars are Han and chewy for 4 stars.
This is a review of the Dark Horse comic Star Wars Droids The Kalarba Adventure, ISBN 1569710643 published June 1995. This TPB comic collects Star Wars Droid Special, issues 1 to 6 and an 8 page Topps story. Made in Canada. <br />What is included - <BR>Introduction by Anthony Daniels 3 pgs.<BR>C1 Welcome to kalarba 26 pgs.<BR>C2 The greed of olag greck 26 pgs<BR>C3 The indobok pirates 26 pgs.<BR>C4 The saga of c-3px 26 pgs.<BR>C5 Battle of the brknaa 24 pgs.<BR>C6 Short cut 26 pgs.<BR>C7 Artoos day out 10 pgs.<br />C8 Countdown at hosk 26 pgs <br />This comic is nearly 200 pages. The inking is excellent for its day on high stock paper but by todays standards, I rate it a C- to C. The pencil-artwork is on the newspaper comic strip style for the most part. Artwork is therefore in the D to C range. The stories are cute but due to the lack of light saber fights, My son and I never finished reading all the stories together. It was a matter of him selecting a different comic containing more action for me to read with him. My son is also ADHD. <br />I think that this can be a fun read with your children, who can sit and focus, or like my 5 year old daughter, who just likes sitting with dad and reading. I originally bought these comics so that I had Graphic stories to read to the kids. This is a good one for younger children  At 224 this is a large comic. Since Dark horse has had trouble producing comics with good binding I was concerned about this offering. The one I have is OK, but these were made in china, where the binding problems exist. The older ones made in Canada were OK.<br />It was fun to read some of these with my son. For most people I think they will consider these to be 2 to 3 stars in quality, I will round up to 3 since my son enjoyed them. completist.
This is the third story of the Brian daley trilogy.  Brian also did the radio dramas but sadly died before seeing the expanded universe explode into what it has become.  He is the first EU novelists.  <br />My favorite of the Daley trilogy is Han solo's Revenge.  Second is HS at Stars End (which is also available is a Dark horse comic).  Lost legacy is my least favorite of the three stories, but it is still a good read.  <br />One vacation I read in order the first 2 AC Crispen novels of the Han solo trilogy.  Then I read the daley trilogy and concluded with the last of the Crispen trilogy, Rebel Dawn.  AC Crispen did a good job writing his trilogy as he accommodated the Daley books.
This is the second story of the Brian Daley trilogy.  This is a book I found at a second hand store in the mid-90's.  I had already started reading the Expanded Universe books that began with the Zahn trilogy.  Brian also did the radio dramas but sadly died before seeing the expanded universe explode into what it has become.  He is the first EU novelists.  <BR>My favorite of the Daley trilogy is Han solo's Revenge.  Second is HS at Stars End (which is also available is a Dark horse comic).  Lost legacy is my least favorite of the three stories, but it is still a good read.  <BR>My wife found the entire trilogy in a garage at a garage sale in about 1995.  In 1997 came the AC Crispen Han Solo trilogy.  I was wary how two trilogies could span the same time frame.  To my surprise and delight, crispen did a great job wrting around the Solo trip to the corporate sector, thus incorporating Daleys work into official EUdoom.  <BR>One vacation I read in order the first 2 AC Crispen novels of the Han solo trilogy.  Then I read the daley trilogy and concluded with the last of the Crispen trilogy, Rebel Dawn.
At 224 this is a large comic. Since Dark horse has had trouble producing comics with good binding I was concerned about this offering. The one I have is OK, but these were made in china, where the binding problems exist. The older ones made in Canada were OK.<br />It was fun to read some of these with my son. For most people I think they will consider these to be 2 to 3 stars in quality, I'll round up to 3 since my son enjoyed them.
These three novels were actually written in 1979 and 1980, long before the Zahn trilogy kicked of what we now know as the EU Expanded Universe.  Daley also did the radio dramatizations of the original movie trilogy.  Daley also created the corporate sector.  Note that almost nothing is ever written about the Corp Sector, but there it is on the NJO maps of the galaxy.  Also, AC Crispen wrote his Han Solo trilogy in a manner that accommodates Han and Chewy's trip to the CS.  <br />I have placed this trilogy on the timeline at -4.9 BNH, taking place between The Hutts Gambit and Rebel Dawn (books 2 and 3 of the HST).  <BR>These are the first known non-Lucas novels of the SW universe.  I am not sure whether they actually pre-date the SW comic strips, but surely Daley is the real father of the EU.  If you are a Han Solo fan, this trilogy is a must addition to you library.  My copy is the june 1992 edition found at a garage sale.
The is a review of the Dark horse TPB that collects issues 1 to 4 of Star Wars ' Droids ' Rebellion.  Unlike its nearly 200 page predecessor, this is a 112 page TPB.  I am reviewing ISBN 1569712247 published in Jan. 1997.  <br />This comic is divided into 4 chapters and is a step down from The Kalarba Adventures in terms of quality of production.  The paper and inking are good, but of lesser quality.  The artwork is of comic strip style, but the inking is very good.  The stories are fun but the lack of awesome light saber fights could not keep my sons interest.  My youngest, a daughter, did like the stories.  I give this 3 stars because there are few choices in the marketplace that combine a politically neutral story with pictures.
This is the least of the first 3 volumes of SW Tales July 20, 2003 <br />At 224 pages and given Dark horse poor binding technics of late be careful anything this big. My copy was OK. The stories and artwork in this compilation is not up the quality of other Dark Horse comic TPB offering lately.
This is a review of Star Wars - A Long time Ago... Doomworld, also referred to as volume I, which collects issues 1 through 20 of the Marvel comic series Star Wars.   This is ISBN 1569717540 published June, 2002; made in China. <BR> <BR>First the binding.  Because Dark horse has had trouble with the TPB's bindings that are made in China, and because this is 369 pages, my copy has excellent binding.  I actually read it without the comic falling apart in my hands!<br />With the exception of the binding problems, Dark horse has been producing comics that are visually awesome in terms of the inking and reproduction quality.  You can still argue about the artwork and pencil work itself, because they use so many people and try different styles.  There are those artists whose style I just don't care for.  I say that to remind one that these are reproductions of comics that marvel created A LONG TIME AGO...  Dark Horse has actually enhanced the original quality.<br />The quality of the pencil work varies here by story, but generally it was not bad.  You'll have little trouble identifying who is who.  Generally the artwork is a D to a C when compared to what DH produces today.  However the inking is excellent.  I recall no story where the color appeared to be washed out.<br />As for the stories themselves, I read these with my son, and he likes the ones with lots of action and vibrant drawings.  You get both here, because with 20 different stories you do get variety.<br />This is a 2.5 star rounded up to 3 for the effort that DH put into improving the quality of this comics visual elements.
This is a review of Dark horse TPB comic Star Wars  Jabba The Hutt  The art of the Deal, ISBN 1569713103 published june 1998, printed in Canada. Our glimpses of the Hutts have been severely limited. Our best look is in the Han solo trilogy, which takes place from -10 to 0 BNH. I place this comic at -5.1 on the timeline, because the events seem to be about the time of the Solo books. The artwork here is some of Dark horses worst with the exception that they took the time to do a good job illustrating their star... JABBA. Fortuneately the inking was good and I dont recall any washed out pages. The story is fun and is in character with the Solo novels. Lack of light saber fights meant that my son wasnt interested in this comic. The pencils are a 2, story and inking a 3 and I round up to a 3 stars because it is good to SEE Jabba before Leia kills him.
This Comic can be found listed 3 ways.  I am reviewing the first of the 3 that is called: Tales of the Jedi - The Sith War written by Kevin J Anderson and published July, 1996 with ISBN 1569711739.  This is a dark Horse TPB comic covering issues 1 through 6 of STAR WARS: TALES OF THE JEDI - THE SITH WAR.<BR>  <BR>Other editions with the same title and cover art are:  Titan ISBN 1840231300 published April, 2000 and <br />TALES OF THE JEDI 3 - THE SITH WAR published by McMillan march, 1997 under ASIN: 075220369X.  <br />I have assigned the timeline year of -3996 before NH to this comic.  As did Exar Kun before him and Luke Skywalker 4,000 years later, Jedi hero Ulic Qel-Droma is tempted by the dark side following the murder of master Arca.  Before there was Darth Vader, Dark lord of the Sith, there was Ulic Qel-Droma, Dark lord of the Sith.  <br />This comic was written by KJA who has contributed much of the Old Republic Comics.  He also did The JEDI ACADEMY trilogy, one of my favorites.  Since Kevin also did the SW Essential Chronology we find few continuity problems here.  The art and coloring is a in the old style, cartoon strip style, but some of the drawings and dramatic and inspired.  Given what Dark horse is turning out now I grade the art a solid \\"C\\" grade, though some pages are stunningly awesome.  <br />The action is tremendous.  The story is a little hard to follow.  Ulic is in the Empress Teta system (not on the galaxy maps produced in the NJO).  Ulic is seduced by the Dark side and by Aleema.  At about 150 pages long, the story twists and turns and is generally as unpredictable as an episode of LAW AND ORDER.  <br />Made in Canada, the binding is holding up very well.  Some of the new TPB's that are now made in China had awful bindings, where the comic can fall apart in your hands, even when you are being careful.  <br />If you have started reading these Old Republic comic and liked them, you'll like this one.
This Comic can be found listed 3 ways.  I am reviewing the first of the 3 that is called: Tales of the Jedi - The Sith War written by Kevin J Anderson and published July, 1996 with ISBN 1569711739.  This is a dark Horse TPB comic covering issues 1 through 6 of STAR WARS: TALES OF THE JEDI - THE SITH WAR.  <BR>Other editions with the same title and cover art are:  Titan ISBN 1840231300 published April, 2000 and <BR>TALES OF THE JEDI 3 - THE SITH WAR published by McMillan march, 1997 under ASIN: 075220369X.  <BR>I have assigned the timeline year of -3996 before NH to this comic.  As did Exar Kun before him and Luke Skywalker 4,000 years later, Jedi hero Ulic Qel-Droma is tempted by the dark side following the murder of master Arca.  Before there was Darth Vader, Dark lord of the Sith, there was Ulic Qel-Droma, Dark lord of the Sith.  <BR>This comic was written by KJA who has contributed much of the Old Republic Comics.  He also did The JEDI ACADEMY trilogy, one of my favorites.  Since Kevin also did the SW Essential Chronology we find few continuity problems here.  The art and coloring is a in the old style, cartoon strip style, but some of the drawings and dramatic and inspired.  Given what Dark horse is turning out now I grade the art a solid \\"C\\" grade, though some pages are stunningly awesome.  The action is tremendous.  The story is a little hard to follow.  Ulic is in the Empress Teta system (not on the galaxy maps produced in the NJO).  Ulic is seduced by the Dark side and by Aleema.  At about 150 pages long, the story twists and turns and is generally as unpredictable as an episode of LAW AND ORDER.  <BR>Made in Canada, the binding is holding up very well.  Some of the new TPB's that are now made in China had awful bindings, where the comic can fall apart in your hands, even when you are being careful.<BR>If you have started reading these Old Republic comic and liked them, you'll like this one.
Anyone confused?  Darkhorse has a comic called TALES OF THE JEDI THE COLLECTION that takes place 4,000 years before NH.  The ISBN is 1569710203 published aug 1994.  Dark horse does indicate that they published Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi - Knights of the Old Republic TPB on Oct 1994, but do not indicated an ISBN.  I think that all 3 of these are the same comic.  This comic is not to be found on amazon.<br />Then we have Knights of the Old Republic (Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi, Volume One) by Tom Veitch, Chris Gossett, Janine Johnston (Illustrator), David Roach (Illustrator)  ISBN 1569710201 RELEASED BY Dark Horse Oct, 1995 with the same cover.<br />They also have Star Wars - Tales of the Jedi: Knights of the Old Republic (Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi) by Tom Veitch, Chris Gosset, Dennis Rodier released by titan books May, 2000 with the same cover under ISBN 1840231726  It seems to be the same comic described by amazon here and called KNIGHTS OF THE OLD REPUBLIC, TALES OF THE JEDI 1 THRU 5 with the same cover art and a different ISBN.  <br />I am reviewing a comic called Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi - The collection published by Dark Horse August, 1994 as a TPB compiliation, ISBN: 1569710201.  These stories are revealed on Jedi Holocrons recovered by Luke Skywalker.  Made in Canada the binding is excellent.<br />Story 1 - Ulic Qel-Droma and the Beast Wars of Onderon.  51 pages, OK story with some good fights, the artwork is the comic-strip quality used throughout most of the 80's and 90's.<BR>  <BR>Story 2 - The Saga of Nomi Sunrider.  69 pages, the story of Nomi and her daughter, artwork is cheesy and uninspired.<BR>Either way, they are all probably the same, with a title change.  Dark horse published this comic in aug 1994, 3 years before its two comics TPB's that take place 5,000 years before NH.  I think you should Skip the first 2 on the Timeline and just start here.  While the art work is a C the coloring is a C TO D and looks more like the early 80's art andcoloring offerings, the 2 stories here is pretty good.  The Stories of Ulic Qel-Droma and Nomi Sunrider are worth a read.
I  am reviewing Tales of the Jedi Dark Lords of the Sith, ISBN: 1569710953 A TPB comic published Feb 1996 covering individuals issues 1 through 6 of the Dark Horse comic series Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi - Dark Lords of the Sith written by Tom Veitch and KJA.  It has the same Hugh Fleming cover as the comic shown in Amazon as Titan books ISBN 1840231297 published nov 1999.<br />The Art and coloring are still the older style and get about 2.5.  the story, as Tom Veitch tells us is intended to reflect what was revealed in Holocrons that are discovered 1,000's of years later.  In particular, they foreshadow what happens to Luke Skywalker in dark empire.  This is an intense and serious contribution to the star wars Galaxy, and my version is over 100 pages.  I think it is worthwhile, and I did like it better the second time I read it, especially if you later read the Jedi Academy Book Trilogy by Kevin J Anderson, I Jedi and Dark Empire by Dark Horse.<br />There is also an audio tape version of this comic that is a complete dramatization, rather than just a reading; I am reviewing Audio book ISBN: 1565111990 - In short, the dramatization format can be hard to follow at times, but I thought that overall they did a good job - 3 stars.
Chewy is Back!  Wow, what a pleasant surprise.  This is a review of the abridged Audio CD which is 5 CD's and 6 ¼ hours long.  First let me applaud Random House.  Their typical Abridgement for a single novel is 2 cassettes or 2 CD's that run from 2 to 2 ½ hours long.  This is what I call abridgement!  6 plus hours of listening pleasure.  I drive a lot and have every SW audio book, even the ones for the comics.  I love these longer versions.  The longer versions make up for the fact that there are virtually no unabridged audio books in the Star Wars universe.<br />TG takes place at 8.2 After NH on my timeline shortly after the Courtship of Princess Leia, but before Heir to the Empire.  This is an excellent new addition to the classic ERA (vs the \\"prequel\\" and NJO era's).  One could even argue that it is an important book, because it ties the classic era to the prequel era because Leia reads a journal.  The story here is the journal and not the alderaanian art.<br />Relive an adventure before Chewy and Anakin Solo are killed.  Denning brings us away from the darkness that is the NJO, just at a time when darkness is necessarily descending upon the Prequel era.<br />There are some nitpicky complaints that I have where the story drags or continuity errors but they don't really harm one enjoyment, that is why 4 stars, not 5 stars.  If you are a big fan of Han, Leia and Chewy I am sure you will love this book!
This is the best of the three Star Wars Tales TPB comics complied so far.  I am reviewing Star Wars tales volume 3, simply called Star Wars Tales by Amazon.  This is ISBN 1569718369 and collects issues 9 through 12 of the Dark horse quarterly comic-book anthology STAR WARS TALES.  <br />This is my favorite of the 3 SWT volumes.  It is 20 stories that I can read to my son (who has a short attention span and ADHD) and we enjoyed them together.  The art work quality varies, as each story has different production staff working on them, but generally the art is from a 3 to a 4.5.  The Stories are very uneven, but out of 20, if you found at least 5 that you could re-read with your kids, won't you call the book a winner?  It is.  That is why I assign it 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4.<br />At 224 pages, watch for poor binding.  Many of the larger TPB comics I have purchased since manufacture was moved from Canada to china have bindings where the comic just falls apart in your hands.  The one I have is OK, but I want others to be aware of the problem.  I recently received an email from Dark horse telling they are aware of the binding problems and are making the necessary fixed to their production procedures.<br />The cover art is by Tsuneo Sanda, and is an awesome picture of Han Solo standing with a hugh fire blazing in the background.
Chewy is Back!  Wow, what a pleasant surprise.  <br />To me the NJO ended the timeline for me at SBS.  Then we started getting the prequel trilogy books, and man, what a tremendous job they are doing those books, interfacing the movies with books and comics.  Then along comes this book, a new addition to what i call the EU period.  EU starts with the Han Solo trilogy and concludes for me with Zahns Vision of the Future.<br />This is a review of the abridged Audio CD which is 5 CD's and 6 ¼ hours long.  First let me applaud Random House.  Their typical Abridgement for a single novel is 2 cassettes or 2 CD's that run from 2 to 2 ½ hours long.  This is what I call abridgement!  6 plus hours of listening pleasure.  I drive a lot and have every SW audio book, even the ones for the comics.  I love these longer versions.   The longer versions make up for the fact that there are virtually no unabridged audio books in the Star Wars universe.<br />TG takes place at 8.2 After NH on my timeline shortly after the Courtship of Princess Leia, but before Heir to the Empire.  This is an excellent new addition to the classic ERA (vs the \\"prequel\\" and NJO era's).  One could even argue that it is an important book, because it ties the classic era to the prequel era because Leia reads a journal.  The story here is the journal and not the alderaanian art.<br />Relive an adventure before Chewy and Anakin Solo are killed.  Denning brings us away from the darkness that is the NJO, just at a time when darkness is necessarily descending upon the Prequel era.  <br />There are some nitpicky complaints that I have where the story drags or continuity errors but they don't really harm one enjoyment, that is why 4 stars, not 5 stars.  If you are a big fan of Han, Leia and Chewy I am sure you will love this book!
Chewy is Back!  Wow, what a pleasant surprise.  This is a review of the abridged Audio CD which is 5 CD's and 6 ¼ hours long.  First let me applaud Random House.  Their typical Abridgement for a single novel is 2 cassettes or 2 CD's that run from 2 to 2 ½ hours long.  This is what I call abridgement!  6 plus hours of listening pleasure.  I drive a lot and have every SW audio book, even the ones for the comics.  I love these longer versions.   The longer versions make up for the fact that there are virtually no unabridged audio books in the Star Wars universe.<br />TG takes place at 8.2 After NH on my timeline shortly after the Courtship of Princess Leia, but before Heir to the Empire.  This is an excellent new addition to the classic ERA (vs the \\"prequel\\" and NJO era's).  One could even argue that it is an important book, because it ties the classic era to the prequel era because Leia reads a journal.  The story here is the journal and not the alderaanian art.<br />Relive an adventure before Chewy and Anakin Solo are killed.  Denning brings us away from the darkness that is the NJO, just at a time when darkness is necessarily descending upon the Prequel era.  <br />There are some nitpicky complaints that I have where the story drags or continuity errors but they don't really harm one enjoyment, that is why 4 stars, not 5 stars.  If you are a big fan of Han, Leia and Chewy I am sure you will love this book!
Chewy is Back!  Wow, what a pleasant surprise.  This is a review of the abridged Audio CD which is 5 CD's and 6 ¼ hours long.  First let me applaud Random House.  Their typical Abridgement for a single novel is 2 cassettes or 2 CD's that run from 2 to 2 ½ hours long.  This is what I call abridgement!  6 plus hours of listening pleasure.  I drive a lot and have every SW audio book, even the ones for the comics.  I love these longer versions.   The longer versions make up for the fact that there are virtually no unabridged audio books in the Star Wars universe.<br />TG takes place at 8.2 After NH on my timeline shortly after the Courtship of Princess Leia, but before Heir to the Empire.  This is an excellent new addition to the classic ERA (vs the \\"prequel\\" and NJO era's).  One could even argue that it is an important book, because it ties the classic era to the prequel era because Leia reads a journal.  The story here is the journal and not the alderaanian art.<br />Relive an adventure before Chewy and Anakin Solo are killed.  Denning brings us away from the darkness that is the NJO, just at a time when darkness is necessarily descending upon the Prequel era.  <br />There are some nitpicky complaints that I have where the story drags or continuity errors but they don't really harm one enjoyment, that is why 4 stars, not 5 stars.  If you are a big fan of Han, Leia and Chewy I am sure you will love this book!
Chewy is Back!  Wow, what a pleasant surprise.  This is a review of the abridged Audio CD which is 5 CD's and 6 ¼ hours long.  First let me applaud Random House.  Their typical Abridgement for a single novel is 2 cassettes or 2 CD's that run from 2 to 2 ½ hours long.  This is what I call abridgement!  6 plus hours of listening pleasure.  I drive a lot and have every SW audio book, even the ones for the comics.  I love these longer versions.   The longer versions make up for the fact that there are virtually no unabridged audio books in the Star Wars universe.<br />TG takes place at 8.2 After NH on my timeline shortly after the Courtship of Princess Leia, but before Heir to the Empire.  This is an excellent new addition to the classic ERA (vs the \\"prequel\\" and NJO era's).  One could even argue that it is an important book, because it ties the classic era to the prequel era because Leia reads a journal.  The story here is the journal and not the alderaanian art.<br />Relive an adventure before Chewy and Anakin Solo are killed.  Denning brings us away from the darkness that is the NJO, just at a time when darkness is necessarily descending upon the Prequel era.  <br />There are some nitpicky complaints that I have where the story drags or continuity errors but they don't really harm one enjoyment, that is why 4 stars, not 5 stars.  If you are a big fan of Han, Leia and Chewy I am sure you will love this book!
This collection of 21 stories has some of the worst pencil artwork produced by Darkhorse in the last 3 years.  The stories were readable, but a comic is a visual form first and formost, and this one is has many poorly done and some horrendously done art.  Some of the art seems like it is trying recapture the style of the 1970s and 1980s comic strips.  Please don't retro back to that era intentionally!  Especially since the art and inking of comics has moved forward into some awesome creations in the last several years.<br />At 224 pages and given Dark horse poor binding technics of late be careful anything this big.  My copy was OK.  The stories and artwork in this compilation is not up the quality of other Dark Horse comic TPB offering lately.
Chewy is Back!  Wow, what a pleasant surprise.  This is a review of the abridged Audio CD which is 5 CD's and 6 ¼ hours long.  First let me applaud Random House.  Their typical Abridgement for a single novel is 2 cassettes or 2 CD's that run from 2 to 2 ½ hours long.  This is what I call abridgement!  6 plus hours of listening pleasure.  I drive a lot and have every SW audio book, even the ones for the comics.  I love these longer versions.   The longer versions make up for the fact that there are virtually no unabridged audio books in the Star Wars universe.<br />TG takes place at 8.2 After NH on my timeline shortly after the Courtship of Princess Leia, but before Heir to the Empire.  This is an excellent new addition to the classic ERA (vs the \\"prequel\\" and NJO era's).  One could even argue that it is an important book, because it ties the classic era to the prequel era because Leia reads a journal.  The story here is the journal and not the alderaanian art.<br />Relive an adventure before Chewy and Anakin Solo are killed.  Denning brings us away from the darkness that is the NJO, just at a time when darkness is necessarily descending upon the Prequel era.  <br />There are some nitpicky complaints that I have where the story drags or continuity errors but they don't really harm one enjoyment, that is why 4 stars, not 5 stars.  If you are a big fan of Han, Leia and Chewy I am sure you will love this book!
This is a review of the abridged Audio CD for Shatterpoint. <br />Before listening to this CD I had read with interest some of the other reviews.  They tended to describe the type of story that I usually don't like.  I don't tend to like the labyrinth journey type of stories where the characters wander about lost both as to their location but also as to the view of themselves and their world.  This type of story can often be boring, and or confusing to follow but the reader stays with it for the pay off.  Often the payoff is some ridiculous contrivance.  SP a great journey.  <br />This is not what you get with SP the audio CD.  And this is not an ordinary Audio CD.  Random house tends to abridge a 350 page book down to 2CD's for a 2 ½ to 3 hours of listening pleasure.  This abridgement takes a slightly longer 416 page book and makes a 6 ½ hour CD!  There is nothing boring about this version of the book.  The ending is no odd contrivance either.  The ending is a hugh action packed, on the edge of your seat battle. <br />I was expecting to not like this story very much and it blew me away with its awesome sweep instead.<br />I don't ever recall reading a M. R. Stover book before, but what a great job he did.  Yes, Windu is wandering about and in this case the labyrinth is the jungle on his home world.  But the story keeps evolving and changing so that your interest is kept.  The characters change also which contributes to keeping your interest as well.  For those who liked the action of the X-Wing books, you get plenty of action and battles here.  The book is a little gory, but it has minimal detail in the audio CD, which makes it less gory and grotesque than some of the early NJO books.<br />What do we know of Windu BEFORE reading Shatterpoint.   He is the senior Jedi council member and has frequently made bad decisions when deploying Jedi on missions.  He repeatedly underestimates the seriousness of the crises at hand.  He is a strong pacifist at heart.<BR> <BR>One example of bad decisions:  Windu learns that a member of the Trade Federation has vital information for the Jedi and is waiting in a \\"safe house\\".  Windu looks around the room full of Jedi, who are there to welcome a new graduate from Padawan to Jedi Knight, to decide who should take the important task of escorting the informant safely to the Jedi Temple.  He selects the newly named Jedi (Darsha Assant) to take on the mission all by herself.    Then, it's a 2 hour job and no one has heard from her, and her master have been missing for 48 hours!  So Windu sends a young Obi-Wan (even though Qui-Gon is there at the temple and could have gone) all by himself to find the two missing Jedi and their informant.<br />Shatterpoint ends the speculation as to the nature of the character of Mace Windu.  Is it he that could have prevented the total destruction of the Jedi order and of the galactic Republic?  In the beginning of the book he explains what a Shatterpoint is, and why it was his failure to act that led to massive destruction.  <br />Following the Battle of Geonosis Windu has sent Jedi throughout the galaxy to build resistance to the Separatists who are bringing down governments.  Here, his Padawan Depa Billaba has disappeared, but they receive a communication that seems to suggest that she has gone crazy.  Windu goes alone to Haruun Kalto to bring Depa back, against Yoda's request that he bring help.  We see Windu make more bad decisions based on emotion, rather than listening to the force, but we also see Windu the warrior.   We even see a glimpse of the wisdom that must have helped him become, in effect, the manager of Jedi operations for the Jedi Council.<br />I have not yet read the 416 page book yet, but based on the 6 ½ hour Audio CD, this is one of the best books in the entire SW expanded universe.  The quality so far of the books in this \\"prequel\\" era has been excellent, superior really to the NJO.  <br />Lucas licensing is to be applauded for the way theyare evolving the story by using the novels and the comics from dark horse to go with the movies.  One can't help but notice the new, high quality art and inking going on at Dark horse as of about 2 years ago.  I only have 2 complaints, Jan Duursema doesn't do MORE of the pencil work and the truly POOR quality of the binding of the TPB (complied) comics since they moved the manufacturing from Canada to China.<br />I highly recommend this audio CD and hope that they will start making longer abridgements like this one in the future and even unabridged.  MTFBWY.
The first story Extinction, is almost worth the purchase price by itself.  We Mara Jade, the Emperor, Vader and a tremendous, 15 page light saber fight.  <br />The second story takes us back to Qui-Gon and Obiwan shortly before QGs death.<br />The pencils very in quality from 2 stars for some stories, to 3.5 for others.  The inking varies from 2 stars to 4.  None of the artwork is exceptional.  The strength of the book is that there are stories that will interest you, and passable artwork.  To bad that the fact that different artists were assembled into one book of stories din't produce a higher quality product due to the competition along!  It didn't seem to.  By the looks of it, some were trying to complete their work faster, not better.<br />At 224 this is a large comic.  Since Dark horse has had trouble producing comics with good binding I was concerned about this offering.  The one I have is OK, but these were made in china, where the binding problems exist.  The older ones made in Canada were OK.<br />It was fun to read some of these with my son.  For most people I think they will consider these to be 2 to 3 stars in quality, I'll round up to 3 since my son enjoyed them.
OK.  I'm a guy.  I was waiting for the next Star Wars, Tek War or Tom Clancy book to come out and needed something to read.  I borrowed OFTM from my wife who had borrowed it from my office manager.  Of the 3 of us, I was the first one who has read all 9, so I guess you'd say I was hooked.<br />But guys, listen!  Stephanie Plume is cool!  She isn't Laura Croft.  She's a girl from the burgh who needs a job and goes to work for a scum bag cousin vinnie.  No, not that cousin Vinnie.  This Vinnie prefers rubber duckys to a woman like Marisa Tomei I think.  Well Vinnie owns this Bail bond business and needs Stephanie to bring in those who skip out.  Fortunately she's got this Cuban...  His name is Ranger... x-?Seal?, X-CIA??? Man mountain hunk to help her now and then.  Then there is Morelli.  He is a cop. Stephanie just can't decide what to do with Joe Morelli.  Oh my, I haven't gotten to her family.  Granny is my favorite.<br />Each story does conclude a specific story line, but Evanovich keeps the story movie linearly alone a straight time line into the future.  So what you get is an evolving character and evolving relationships with great continuity.  And best of all you feel like you're your friends the Plumes with each novel.<br />Oh ya, she also has trouble with cars!  <br />These books have been a lot of fun.  I drive a lot in my motor home.  So, I also buy the Audio Book, preferably unabridged if available.<br />The publisher changes readers three times over the series.  The reader of the first 3 books sounds more like what I imaged that Stephanie might sound like, but didn't have the range of voice to Vinnie, Morelli or Ranger very well.  The next two readers are much better doing all the voices
These books have been a lot of fun. I drive a lot in my motor home. So, I also buy the Audio Book, preferably unabridged if available.  Unabridged is rarely available.<br />The publisher changes readers three times over the series. The reader of the first 3 books sounds more like what I imaged that Stephanie might sound like, but didn't have the range of voice to Vinnie, Morelli or Ranger very well. The next two readers are much better doing all the voices
Can we all agree that it is intellectually dishonest to give a negative review to a book that one has not read?  If this describes you, did it ever occur to you what it means to assault something you know nothing about or to attempt to censor something one hasn't ever read?  Isn't it like hating someone you've never meet?  <br />Freedom of speech gives Mr. Hirsen the right to tell these stories, if true.  It also gives us the right to laugh at the hypocrisy of those who think they are better and smarter than we are, just because they may have a talent.  It also gives those who have substantive counter arguments the right to voice them.  <br />I hope to see substantive comments and not just ad hominen.
Anakin is about 14 years old here so this story is -27 BNH on the timeline. Of course, the story is all about Anakin. Where Anakin is only 12 in the Rogue Planet mission and still acts more like a child, here he is 14 and wants to exert more influence in the decision-making. Anakin makes his first friend, because they share a love of machines and ships, Tru. The story is dumbed down of course, but not bad. For reasons that are only to enhance the story, the masters leave the Padawan's behind, finding themselves cutoff. With the masters gone, the Padawan's must work together to solve problems. <br />Anakin learns to cooperate with a fellow Padawan Ferus (Padawan of Siri Tachi) who is well liked by his fellow Padawan's and also a good leader. The continuing curiosity in any \\"Prequel\\" book is how Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and how Vader does kill off all the Jedi. Jude Watson does advance the character study of Anakin Skywalker. <br />Windu hasn't gone stupid yet, or at least Palpatine hasn't started messing with the Jedi yet. Hence, Windu sends 4 masters and their Padawan's to a system with 2 inhabited planets where a plague or virus has broken out on one. One of my theories of the fall of the Jedi is Windu's failure to adequately deal with crises. Here is an example where Windu sent significant force to deal with a crisis. <br />This is a book written for 9 to 12 year olds, but I enjoyed Jude Watson handling of Anakin. I am pleased that the decision was made to put this book on unabridged Audio cassettes. I have almost every Star Wars audio book ever made up to NJO Star by Star. Davis is an experienced SW reader and does a great job.
This is a rewrite of a review that was for Way of the jedi and ended up here at Trail of the Jedi, TOTJ.  Trail is the 2nd book in the Jedi Quest series and I am reviewing both the Unabridged audio casette and the paperback.<br />In TOTJ Obi-Wan feels that he are Anakin are not as close as they should be.  So he plans a 10 day exercise on a very sparsely inhabited planet where he and Anakin must work together in a game of hind and go seek with an experienced Jedi Master.<br />Of course things start to go wrong right away in the hunt.  Also, Anakin and Obi-Wan do not understand each other.  In the end they both learn a little something about each other, but they also learn that someone want to kill them.  The hunt is resolved in this book, but the Identity of the killer is not and will be continued in future books of this series.<br />The audio book is extremely well done by veteran SW reader Davis.  The story here is defineately simplified for younger readers, but for completists like me, Watson dioes a nice job exploring the interactions between Ben and the future Vader.<br />In the first book Anakin learns to cooperate with a fellow Padawan Ferus (Padawan of Siri Tachi) who is well liked by his fellow Padawan's and also a good leader. The continuing curiosity in any \\"Prequel\\" book is how Anakin and Obi-Wan loss each other such that Anakin becomes Darth Vader<br />Jude Watson does advance the character study of Anakin Skywalker.<br />This is a book written for 9 to 12 year olds, but I enjoyed Jude Watson handling of Anakin. I am pleased that the decision was made to put this book on unabridged Audio cassettes. I have almost every Star Wars audio book ever made up to NJO Star by Star. Davis is an experienced SW reader and does a great job.
I first read THE MARTIAN CHRONICALS when i was in 7th grade, and have re-read it at least 5 times since.  I agree with others that this is a Sci-Fi masterpiece.  The book is separate, loosely connected stories written in the hitchcock tradition of misdirection.  <br />The movie made based on this book was a huge disappointment for me.
Anakin is about 14 years old here so this story is -27 BNH on the timeline. Of course, the story is all about Anakin. Where Anakin is only 12 in the Rogue Planet mission and still acts more like a child, here he is 14 and wants to exert more influence in the decision-making. Anakin makes his first friend, because they share a love of machines and ships, Tru. The story is dumbed down of course, but not bad. For reasons that are only to enhance the story, the masters leave the Padawans behind, finding themselves cutoff. With the masters gone, the Padawans must work together to solve problems. <br />Anakin learns to cooperate with a fellow Padawan Ferus (Padawan of Siri Tachi) who is well liked by his fellow Padawans and also a good leader. The continuing curiosity in any Prequel book is how Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and how Vader does kill off all the Jedi. Jude Watson does advance the character study of Anakin Skywalker. <br />Windu hasnt gone stupid yet, or at least Palpatine hasnt started messing with the Jedi yet. Hence, Windu sends 4 masters and their Padawans to a system with 2 inhabited planets where a plague or virus has broken out on one. One of my theories of the fall of the Jedi is Windus failure to adequately deal with crises. Here is an example where Windu sent significant force to deal with a crisis. <br />This is a book written for 9 to 12 year olds, but I enjoyed Jude Watson handling of Anakin. I am pleased that the decision was made to put this book on unabridged Audio cassettes. I have almost every Star Wars audio book ever made up to NJO Star by Star. Davis is an experienced SW reader and does a great job.
This is a review of the Dark horse comic ISBN 1569716234 published January, 2002 Printed in Canada, story by Ron Marz, Art by Tom Fowler.  I have put this book on the SW timeline at -27.1 before NH.  <br />This comic features some of the worst artwork I have seen in a star wars based comic produced in the last several years.  This story features Jango, Zam and a cameo from Boba.  The story is a 3 but the artwork is a 2.  <br />I buy these comics for 2 reasons.  First is so I can read them with my son.  The second is that Lucas licensing sometimes allows Dark Horse to make an important contribution of fact and context to the SW expanded universe.  One also buys a comic for its artwork.  Because this one fails based on its art, I rounded down to 2 stars.
Trouble is that there are 352 pages.  There is a lot of uninteresting minutia in this book that doesn't seem to contribute much to the story.  However, there is a lot of good stuff here also, and it ties in with future events.  This book takes place immediately following the events in Ep1 TPM.  Anakin is now 12 (he was 9 in TPM) so I place RP at -29 BNH on the timeline.<br />We last saw Vergere in Cloak of Deception.  Well now she is missing so Windu in his vast ignorance sends one of his least experienced Jedi knights with a 12 year old Padawan to hunt for her.   There is a pattern forming here, serious situations develop and evolve yet Windu, who has been delegated the leadership responsibility (so that Yoda can play with (train) the Padawan's) frequently under-reacts to the seriousness of the situation.  We learn in a later book that Windu, though one of the best fighters among the Jedi is a pacifist.   <BR>We have seen in previous books how Sidious has been eliminating some of those who could oppose him and making key alliances with others.  <br />Vergere had been sent to investigate a situation, but it is a year later and she has never returned.  Ben and Anakin are sent to investigate.  Their destination is Zonama Sekot, the same planet that Luke Skywalker is looking for nearly 80 years later.<BR>Read by itself the story can seem bizarre.  Given the technology of the Yuzzan Vong in the NJO books, this story ties in very well with future events and books.  We also see how relationship can build as Sidious forms his galaxy wide empire.  We see a young Tarkin drawing to the \\"new order\\" his (reluctant) friend, the young and powerful Raith Seinar.  Seinar is the owner of the company that builds Space ships and fighters of all types.  Seinar, who admires the Jedi, is coerced to join a movement dedicated to the destruction of the Jedi.<br />This is a story of that gives us a glance of things to come, but I can see why many readers were dissatisfied.  The story reachesno solid conclusion.  Eliminating about 100 pages would have made this a better read.   The abridged Audio CD is about perfect because it cuts much of what I didn't like about the book.
This is a review of the unabridged audio book.  Alexander Adams is doing much of the reading for the prequel books and does a great job.  If you love SW and drive a lot like me, then you'll want to purchase this audio book.<br />Like most people, I grimace at the mention of terms like \\"chosen one\\" and \\"medichlorians\\".  By itself, this was an incomplete and partially unsatisfying movie.  But when one reads the books that surround the events in TPM then revisits TPM one developes a greater appreciation of this book and movie.<br />The book has a few things that fill in details left out of the movie, so I strongly recommend reading the book to fans of the movie.
This is a review of Episode 1 TPM Dark horse comic. This comic can never replace the imagery created by the movie. Produced in may, 1999 this TPB comic uses reproduction techniques that create a visually beautiful comic.<BR> <BR>The main reason I bought the comic version of a movie is that it gives me book with pictures to read with my children that tell a story that will hold their attention. This comic succeeds on that level. But the comic is an abridged version of the movie, and may not be your cup of tea. <BR>The artwork is about average (3.5 stars of 5). The black page background provides richness to the look. Flemings cover art is 4 of 5.<BR> <BR>The binding on THIS comic is superior. One of my frustrations with dark horse is the extremely poor quality of their new binding of TPB's. Dark Horse went to the bother of upgrading their artwork, pencils and inking, yet they are producing comics that fall apart in your hands! This comic was made in Canada. The new comics are now made in China. It is a darn shame because just as they start producing some truly awesome looking comics, they seriously diminish the quality of the binding.
Anakin is about 14 years old here so this story is -27 BNH on the timeline.  Of course, the story is all about Anakin.  Where Anakin is only 12 in the Rogue Planet mission and still acts more like a child, here he is 14 and wants to exert more influence in the decision-making.  Anakin makes his first friend, because they share a love of machines and ships, Tru.  The story is dumbed down of course, but not bad.  For reasons that are only to enhance the story, the masters leave the Padawans behind, finding themselves cutoff.  With the masters gone, the Padawans must work together to solve problems. <BR> <BR>Anakin learns to cooperate with a fellow Padawan Ferus (Padawan of Siri Tachi) who is well liked by his fellow Padawans and also a good leader.  The continuing curiosity in any Prequel book is how Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and how Vader does kill off all the Jedi.  Jude Watson does advance the character study of Anakin Skywalker.<br />Windu hasnt gone stupid yet, or at least Palpatine hasnt started messing with the Jedi yet.  Hence, Windu sends 4 masters and their Padawans to a system with 2 inhabited planets where a plague or virus has broken out on one.   One of my theories of the fall of the Jedi is Windus failure to adequately deal with crises.  Here is an example where Windu sent significant force to deal with a crisis.<br />This is a book written for 9 to 12 year olds, but I enjoyed Jude Watson handling of Anakin.  I am pleased that the decision was made to put this book on unabridged Audio cassettes.  I have almost every Star Wars audio book ever made up to NJO Star by Star.  Davis is an experienced SW reader and does a great job.
Anakin is about 14 years old here so this story is -27 BNH on the timeline. Of course, the story is all about Anakin. Where Anakin is only 12 in the Rogue Planet mission and still acts more like a child, here he is 14 and wants to exert more influence in the decision-making. Anakin makes his first friend, because they share a love of machines and ships, Tru. The story is dumbed down of course, but not bad. For reasons that are only to enhance the story, the masters leave the Padawan's behind, finding themselves cutoff. With the masters gone, the Padawan's must work together to solve problems. <br />Anakin learns to cooperate with a fellow Padawan Ferus (Padawan of Siri Tachi) who is well liked by his fellow Padawan's and also a good leader. The continuing curiosity in any \\"Prequel\\" book is how Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and how Vader does kill off all the Jedi. Jude Watson does advance the character study of Anakin Skywalker. <br />Windu hasn't gone stupid yet, or at least Palpatine hasn't started messing with the Jedi yet. Hence, Windu sends 4 masters and their Padawan's to a system with 2 inhabited planets where a plague or virus has broken out on one. One of my theories of the fall of the Jedi is Windu's failure to adequately deal with crises. Here is an example where Windu sent significant force to deal with a crisis. <br />This is a book written for 9 to 12 year olds, but I enjoyed Jude Watson handling of Anakin. I am pleased that the decision was made to put this book on unabridged Audio cassettes. I have almost every Star Wars audio book ever made up to NJO Star by Star. Davis is an experienced SW reader and does a great job.
Cloak of Deception is currently the first novel on the time line (-33.01 before NH) that gives us a look at Darth Sidious.  This is the first novel setting up events that appear in Episode 1, PM.<br />This novel is well done and introduces the politics and subterfuge used by Sidious-Palpatine to manipulate events.  We also see how Palpatine damages Valorum and weakens the Trade Federation.  Sidious in a comic that follows the events in this book (Darth Maul TPB) weakens Black Sun by taking out its leadership.  We will see later how the TF army is absorbed into the Republic army.<br />We also are beginning to see a problem with the Jedi council that we see more of in the future...  Windu is both a pacifist and not to smart, and Yoda has delegated the day to day running of the Jedi to Windu.  Yoda is more concerned with the training of the Padawan's.  This in-attention to detail by Yoda could be what leads to the destruction of the Jedi.<br />Luceno does a great job of writing in characters that we are already familiar with.  We meet Darsha Assant and Anoon Bondara from Darth Maul, Shadow Hunter. We also meet Vergere from Rogue Planet and the New Jedi Order.  Even Tarkin and Sate Pestage (primarily a character from the comic books) make their brief appearances.  This book is a solid story for most of its 268 pages, and I would delete almost none of it.  COD ends with Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan being assigned to the Naboo Trade dispute.<br />Regarding the audio CD:  Alexander Adams is the best reader since Anthony Heald.
Quinlan Vos and Vilmarh Grarhk (Villie) are united again on a mission to the twin planets (and home world of Quin) of Kiffu and Kiffex and the poodoo hits the fan.   This comic follows the comic Twilight and I place it on the timeline at -32.11 (BNH).  <br />Quinlan has been retrained by Windu but his Padawan (Aayla Secura) is still missing and her memories are still lost.   Quinlan is helped by his master Tholme as they seek to discover what happened to the Guardians on Quin's home world, all the while Quin is learning to face his greatest fear.  <br />While Twilight has brilliant writing and character presentation, Darkness is a small dropoff, but only slightly.  Darkness is obviously a darker story, but Quin and Villie play off each other beautifully.  The art and inks are spectacular because Duursema did the pencils.  The cover art is very mediocre.<br />The Twilight and Darkness Comic's are Dark Horse at their best.<br />The binding on this comic is absolutely terrible.  Without any rough handling, the pages separate from the binding just because the page was turned.  I hope Dark Horse does something about this in the future, especially considering that they are binding together anywhere from 90 to 150 pages when they produce a TPB.
I will always remember Barbara appearing on the evening cable news shows as the sole defender of truth and what is moral in public life while being shouting down by the trial lawyers-defense bar.  But Barbara gave us her writings, uninterupted by those who tried to defend to indefensible. God bless you.
Both parties make up \\"stuff\\" that they float out through the media to see what the reaction is.  This author took a lot of \\"stuff\\": with no basis in fact and tried to make a buck and to pile on a man that was brought down in a silent coupe.
I once believed that every word of this book was true.  Written by a fellow Wheatonite (Woodward) it pushed me solidly into voting democrat for the next 20 years.<br />Now, the likelihood is that this book is almost as fictional as the John erhlickman book.  For the story that is more likely to be the truth read Silent Coupe.<br />For many, this book remains the bible for the anti-Nixon zeolots, who membership used to include me.
Have audio tape and didn't enjoy is as much as without remorse.  This is my least favorite, but still 4 stars.
After what Hollywood did to Exec Orders, Clancy was involved in making this book into a movie.  An older book, the movie was actually made before 911.  Book was great, movie was pretty good.  This is a review of the audio casette.<br />This is a little bit different story than the movie though, so even if you saw the movie, this is a worthwhile read.
This had a big difference from the movie.  The movie kills off Jack FBI buddy.  But this book and future books he is still alive and ends up a director.  Also, chavez and clark meet up here.
Gordon liddy, who isn't revealing qhat he knows, unless john Dean wants to take it to court, says this book is the closest thing to the truth he has seen in print.  Liddy, for those who forgot, was John Deans right hand man.  It is likely that only these two men know the truth.  Woodward and Bernstein were Spinning a saleable tale.
Under the subtrafuge of a lesson in logic, the author holds up a subjective opinion and purports to poke logic holes into that subjectivity.  It is like, i ask you, did your dad love you?  You provide an answer.  Then I \\"prove that your answer is illogical\\".  I was a lib for 20 years.  Guess which side has no logic.  Now, if one takes this book as a collection of comedy then i give it 2 stars instead.
When you are insurance and securities licensed like i am you can appreciate how the US is attacked here and how the US comes back.  I have read this book at least three times plus listened to it several more while driving in my motorhome.  Incredible.  Executive Orders is a great sequel.
I once believed every word of All the presidents men was true.  Written for a fellow Wheatonite (Woodward) it pushed me solidly into voting democrat for the next 20 years.  final Days gets 3 stars from because Bob is from wheaton, and his dad was my assigned Draft status advisor.  <br />Now, the likelihood is that this book is almost as fictional as the John erhlickman book.  For the story that is more likely to be the truth read Silent Coupe.
Some people, including me, start the Jack Ryan series with the story about Clark in WITHOUT REMORSE.  Other say this is the first book about jack Ryan.  <br />Clancy takes us into the seemy world of ruthless Irish patriots who switch their anger and hate to our hero Jack Ryan.
This is the first book on the timeline that would be considered part of the Jack ryan story.  It is about John Kelly (clark) and how he goes after some bad guy &quot;WITHOUT any REMORSE&quot;.  A great story.  Review is for Audio cassette.
Jack Ryan gets a small promotion -to president- and gathers his friends to save the world.  DOH is my favorite non-star wars book and EO starts immediately following the events of DOH.  I have to Paperback and Abridged Audio CD's of both.<br />Don't want to give away spoilers, by Ryan and his country and in real bad shape and vulnerable.  Clancey does an amazing job creating the threats and an even more imaginative job of defeating the threats.
Armed with degrees in Poly sci and Urban studies, I emerged from college a liberal Democrat.  As an insurance agent I reveled in the fact that i was always the only dem in the room when i got together with my peers.  Insurance agents and realtor are heavily conservative and pro-business.  <br />I probably was more conservative than most democrats but got turned on to rush by a young female office worker in our agency.  I was walked by and the guy on the radio was speaking passionately so i asked, who is that jerk?  Well Rush was talking about hilary's healthcare proposal, something i know a lot about and I was tunned that he was getting it right.  <br />Over the next 12 years I became a regular listener and even voted republican for the first in my life.  Rush gets a lot of things right.  It takes courage to open ones mind and consider what he has to say.  For a long time, I would listen and then test to see if what he said was correct.  He doesn't get much wrong when it comes to the facts.  Opinions are another matter.  Opinions are not facts.  <br />Reading this book is a worthwhile exercise.  It is not great prose, nor is it a great Star Wars novel.  It will make you think so it is a better than average book.
Rendall attacks Rush as a distorter of fact, and most of his arguments and examples are provably false and willful distortions themselves.  The sad this that the editors themselves did no fact checking on what this author said. <br />I am all for meaningful dialog about the issues, but this book is nothing but false ad hominen.  It would have been more interesting to take Rush on for what he believes and debate those believes with truth and facts, which is what I had hoped this book would offer.  It does not.<br />This book has already been proven to be almost 100% distortion.  This author takes a statement of opinion that can be the subject of debate, declares the statement to be inaccurate and therefore a lie.  The other devise used is the favorite of all debaters when they have nothing else, the Ad Hominen.  Anyone who has even listened to rush will know that he is always courteous to callers even against raised voices and lies.
Have audio tape and didn't enjoy is as much as without remorse.  This is my least favorite, but still 4 stars.
This is a review of ISBN 156971651X, called Star wars: Republic - The Hunt for Aurra Sing issues 28 to 31, released as a TPB by Dark Horse comics July, 2002.<br />This is a very good comic, but a step backward from the three that preceded it.  The story by Truman is good, but the artwork is a step backward.  The style is more cartoonish than what we have been getting in the REPUBLIC run of issues.  The cover art is very dark and frankly, not very good.<br />The Jedi are out to hunt down Bounty Hunter - force sensitive killer Aurra Sing.  Aurra is a rouge in the worst sense.  She slaughters others cruelly and senselessly, and in fact she murdered Padawan A Sharad's father (see OUTLANDER).<br />The production quality, even if you don't care for the artwork itself, is awesome.  Dark horse as of early 2002, even late 2001 has had great strides in producing great comic.  They also seem to have been sensitive to the tradition of poor editing in the past, and they seem to do a much better job of helping the reader now who is who and who is speaking.  My biggest complaint concerning the lazy editing was UNION.  I see that Chris Warner edited that one.  He is still editor-and-chief of HUNT but had an assist from David Land.  Thanks for being more attentive for the fanatics like me.<br />The lightsabers.  Some have criticized that the lightsabers in some comics were drawn to small.  Looks like they may have overadjusted here because they look larger and I would say, more cartoonish.<br />I assume that the person who does the pencils is in effect the artist.  I did not that a different person did the pencils here from the previous TPB's that I liked a lot.  Lets just say that I really like the work of Jan Duursema, Magyar and McCaig, and am less a fan of the work of Robinson and Fabbri (though Robinson's art in Twilight as great).
Nixon will always take the blame for the dishonorable acts of Dean and others.  The book is interesting for the authors discussion of how power corrupts.  But don't assume that he presents the true facts to us.  Certainly G Gordon Liddy says this book is untrueful.  Liddy recommends that one read Silent Coupe for the most likely truth.<br />Dean occasionally appears on TV as commentator of current events and oftens comes across as a spokeman for the democrate party, that he once ordered others to bug.<br />Only for students of the Watergate era.
After graduating with degrees in poly sci and urban studies I voted for Dems for the next 20 years.  I grew up and in the era of reasoned debate.  But now, after the era of Clinton all the Dems have is Sol Alinsky's Rules for Radicales, ad hominen humor and no substance.  At least franken is funny.  Carville, Begala and the paid liers aren't even funny.
Seems that there is debate as to which is the first Jack ryan Book.  If Jack is single here and he is married in patriot games, so PG can't be first.
A primer for the Enterprisers.<br />Armed with degrees in Poly sci and Urban studies, I emerged from college a liberal Democrat.  As an insurance agent I reveled in the fact that i was always the only dem in the room when i got together with my peers.  Insurance agents and realtor are heavily conservative and pro-business.  <br />I probably was more conservative than most democrats but got turned on to rush by a young female office worker in our agency.  I was walked by and the guy on the radio was speaking passionately so i asked, who is that jerk?  Well Rush was talking about hilary's healthcare proposal, something i know a lot about and I was tunned that he was getting it right.  <br />Over the next 12 years I became a regular listener and even voted republican for the first in my life.  Rush gets a lot of things right.  It takes courage to open ones mind and consider what he has to say.  For a long time, I would listen and then test to see if what he said was correct.  He doesn't get much wrong when it comes to the facts.  Opinions are another matter.  Opinions are not facts.  <br />Reading this book is a worthwhile exercise.  It is not great prose, nor is it a great Star Wars novel.  It will make you think so it is a better than average book.
Rush calls himself a conservative, but there are different flavors of conservative.  Based on the my reading of what Rush believes I would call him an Enterpriser.  If you don't listen to Rush then you will be surprised that he is not the evil hate monger that others try to depict him as.  Read and understand.<br />Armed with degrees in Poly sci and Urban studies, I emerged from college a liberal Democrat. As an insurance agent I reveled in the fact that i was always the only dem in the room when i got together with my peers. Insurance agents and realtor are heavily conservative and pro-business. <BR>I probably was more conservative than most democrats but got turned on to rush by a young female office worker in our agency. I was walked by and the guy on the radio was speaking passionately so i asked, who is that jerk? Well Rush was talking about hilary's healthcare proposal, something i know a lot about and I was tunned that he was getting it right. <br />Over the next 12 years I became a regular listener and even voted republican for the first in my life. Rush gets a lot of things right. It takes courage to open ones mind and consider what he has to say. For a long time, I would listen and then test to see if what he said was correct. He doesn't get much wrong when it comes to the facts. Opinions are another matter. Opinions are not facts. <br />Reading this book is a worthwhile exercise. It is not great prose, nor is it a great Star Wars novel. It will make you think so it is a better than average book.
This is a review of the Dark horse comic called STAR WAR: REPUBLIC - EMISSARIES TO MALASTARE, issues #13 to 18, also known as STAR WARS: ONGOING, VOLUME 3. What ever its name is I am reviewing ISBN: 1569715159 TPB issued august, 2001. It continues the story presented in OUTLANDER following Hett's son as a trainee at the Jedi Temple in Coruscant (or do we now call it corussaunt). Dark horse has placed this comic on its timeline as happening before TPM but the cover says it takes place just after.<br />This is where Dark horse turns a corner for me with this comic. Most of the art is of 4 star quality. The story is 3.5 stars, so I have to round up to a 4. <br />Got to thank Dark horse for it's individual pictures of the key characters and names. This is something that is sometimes missing, and when missing it can get confusing, guessing who is who. <br />The story is interesting. Seems three creatures are from Malastare, Dugs (Sebulba and Podracing are from Malastare). Jedi Even Piell (same race as Yoda?) is from Malastare. The Gran are from Malastare. We also learn that Adi Gallia is of Corellia. The Dugs are slaves on Malastare. Six Jedi go to Malastare to help negotiate a treaty but everything seems to be a trap. The negotiation were timed to take place at the same time as the galaxies biggest Podrace.  There is lots of action and the art and inks are very good.<br />Word of caution.  As of the new production procedures that create great looking comics, the binding quality has dropped off seriously.  My comics seem to just fall apart with minor handling.  This is not a problem I had experienced in the past.  You must never touch your comic or open it if you wish to avoid damage to the binding.
I love the left, that attacks a book like this as a attack against free speech, while trying to stiffle Coulters right to free speech.<br />Looks like the guardians of free speech are out to stifle it with negative feedback attackes.
Villie does it for the money! Jedi knight Quinlan Vos (his introduction) and Villie are teamed in a story that features them and their search to find Quinlans Padawan Aayla Secura. Question is, should Quinlan trust Villie, a notorious Devaronian. This story reminds me a little of the teaming of nick nolte and eddie murphy in the movie 48 hours... and i mean that is the most complimentary way.<br />I have been critical of dark horse for the short cuts it has taken in the past. But here they have a solid winner. This is my current favorite comic. It was a blast to read it with my 6 year son. We have read through it 3 times. The next comic in the series is DARKNESS which also features Quinlan and Villie.<br />I love the star wars novels, even the child oriented ones. I started buying the comics mostly because my ADHD son needs the pictures and the action presented in the medium of a comic. This made it possible for me to share and read with him. I don't want to get sappy, but these two TPB's starring Quinlan and Villie are just what I hoped that i would find. We have enjoyed others together, but these are the best. Thankyou!!!<br />Word of caution about the bindings.  The new production procedures that are creating such great looking comics, are also making for comics that fall apart much more easily than they used to.  So...  either handle with great care or never touch or read them.  <br />2 thumbs up for the comic story and artwork.  2 thumbs down for the binding.
This is Dark horse comic called STAR WARS - REPUBLIC ISSUES 7 THROUGH 12 CALLED OUTLANDER - THE EXILE OF SHARAD HETT.  It is also call STAR WARS: ONGOING, VOLUME 2.  What ever the name of the month, I am reviewing Darkhorse TPB comic ISBN 1569715149 published April, 2001.  One source says that this story takes place shortly after episode 1 and another than it takes place just before.  I am putting it 32.4 years before NH.  In any case it continues the story told in Prelude to Rebellion (Volume 1 of the Republic series).  <br />This is the story of a promising Jedi who exiles himself among the tusken raiders.  He fights Aura sing and has a son.  This is a very different look at the tuskens that we know for almost killing Luke and for torturing Anakins mother.  (For more detail and what she went through read the novelization  version of Attack of the Clones since the movie edited out most of that detail).<br />What was important about his story is that Sharad Hett has a son named A Sharad son of Hett who is important to the next loop of the this story series (Emissaries to Malastare, Vol 3, episodes 13 to 18).<br />The artwork was still erratic, but not as bad as PRELUDE and the story was a bit better.   But now we are up to 3 star art at worst and much of it is a 4 star.<br />I give this a 3.5.  I recommend this particularly since it keeps getting better from here.  Emissaries is even better than Outlander.  Then we get into the two Quinlan and Villi TPB's which even better than Emissaries.  So yes, I am recommending the first two so get you ready for the really good ones
This is a review of the Dark horse comic called STAR WAR: REPUBLIC - EMISSARIES TO MALASTARE, issues #13 to 18, also known as STAR WARS:  ONGOING, VOLUME 3.  What ever its name is I am reviewing ISBN: 1569715159 TPB issued august, 2001.  It continues the story presented in OUTLANDER following Hett's son as a trainee at the Jedi Temple in Coruscant (or do we now call it chorussaunt).  Dark horse has placed this comic on its timeline as happened before TPM but the cover says it takes place just after.  i am putting it at -31.6 after NH on the timeline.<br />This is where Dark horse turns a corner for me with this comic.  Most of the art is 4 star quality.  The story is 3.5 stars, so I have to round up to a 4.
This is 32.5 years before NH on my timeline  Dark horse originally called this part of its Republic series.  Republic series 1 through 6 was the Prelude to Rebellion TPB and takes place at -32.5 years before NH.  Dark horse Republic series is now up to individual issue #58.  Every 4 to issues is then made into a TPB combining the individual issues into one story.  I usually wait for the TPB (don't know what it stands for).  This comic is about Ki-Adi-Mundi (cone head) from the planet Cerea.  <br />Prelude to Rebellion is the main story, and Vow of Justice follows.  Prelude starts out very slow and the coloring and inks are all over the place.  As for the story - It starts out like a childs Disney story.  But when people start losing their heads, we know we are in the high violence world of comic books.  The story slowly draws you in and I enjoyed having wadded through the beginning.  It is a story about Ki the father of 9 daughters and no sons.  Because on 1 child in 20 is born a boy, Ki has several wives.  (Gee and Anakin couldn't even have a girl friend?).  Seems Ki is having trouble with his teen age daughters, especially one who joins a rebellious group that supports technology coming to Cerea.  The Cerea Council is anti-technology.<br />A secondary story, VOW starts when Ki is 4 years old and picks up 21 years later when he is 25 and returns from training with Yoda to seek revenge for his family.<br />These stories give us an personal look at Ki and his life and family.  I wonder how he dies when Vader wipes them out, all of them.<br />This is not unusual for Darkhorse to not take the time to do a good job.  It seems too bad, that the \\"talent\\" people write a story, and then the artistic people do what they are told, but then the bosses don't bother to put out a quality finished product.  What I don't know is that if they took greater care and produced a higher quality product, would it sell more?  Either way, understand what you get for your [money] evenly produced final product.  They may have an excuse this time.  The production dates on Prelude are from 1998 to 2000.  Darkhorse may not have had the higher quality production techniques that became available later.  But still, on the same page you have one picture of the old style, and one in the new style.  Some of the art work is 2 (as in fair) but some is a 4 (as in very good).  None of the artwork is a 1 (poor).
Few words, lots of action and great art work. The is a story set shortly before Episode 1. I place it at 33 years before NH. Darth Sidious sends Maul to decapitate the leadership of Black Sun. And so that there is no one left to reveal that the sith has returned, he must wipe them out, all of them. Yes the story is short on words, but the story is pretty good for darkhorse. <br />It defineately passes with my ADHD son, who sat through two seasons of reading for me to go through the whole book. Sometimes, a comic does not hold his interest enough and it can take 4 or 5 sessions to do a 4 comic, 96 page TPB like this one. What that means is that the action was up to snuff for my son.<br />The art work here is of the new processes employed by darkhorse. One BIG complaint. I have never had a Darkhorse TPB comic just fall apart. This one did and I was careful. Check the spines and glue jobs before buying, if you can. The story gets a 3 and the art a 4, for an average of 3.5. Since it fell apart, I'm rounding down to a 3. <br />Does this comic add anything to our understanding of the SW galaxy? Not really. The story reinforces my thoughts about Maul, but adds no new insights.<br />This is a recommended addition to your collection.
Shatner does it again.  I enjoyed TEKWAR so much that I thought I see is Shatner and friends could do it 2 in a row.  They (he?) did!  I don't know if Shatner really wrote these or not.  All I care is that the final product is excellent.<br />Jake, Gomez and Beth investigate a virus that is related to Tek and Jake naturally suspects the Tek Lords.  This is episode 2 of 9, that I know of.  The first 5 have been read and they are fast paced, humorous and fun.<br />Wow.  The other reviews here are tough.  As far as cardboard character comments are concerned, they may be for some.  But I liked the movie TWISTER, and the critics said this was a bad movie because of its cardboard characters.  Did you like Twister?  then maybe cardboard does bother you when everything is good.  Do you like fast paced mysteries set in a futuristic world?  You may find this shocking but I also like Star Wars. A lot of critics don't think much of SW books either.<br />Read tek war first.  If you like it, try Tek Lords.
Kirk and Crew + TNG and Voyager, and Capt Kirk goes up against his greatest rival.... Capt. Kirk!  This is the first book of the mirror mirror trilogy, and continues events from Kirks first ST trilogy.  Shatner and friends prove they are the best writers of Star Trek books period!  I hope they keep them coming.<BR>You Shatner haters should just relax and enjoy.  I like Picard to, but Kirk has been to the mirror universe, plus he is what, a 100 years old and still physically and mentally vital.  Experience is a good thing.<br />Gosh for trekkies and Sci-Fi nuts this is great stuff.  Now can we get Shatner and friends to write a book called  ANAKIN SOLO, THE RETURN.  He could come back in Tahiri's body. Ever more relavent, what about DATA, THE RETURN.  If the ST Guru's haven't assigned that one yet, grab it Bill.<br />Sorry.  I drifted.  This is an interesting trilogy.  I defineately liked the first 2 books.  But the 3rd book PRESERVER I have only heard on Audio CD, and it was a little confusing and seemed to be a let down.
Arguably the best of the 6 ST books.  Taken from the original Star trek TV series episode MIRROR MIRROR, Kirk's double - twin has not been defeated by spock as we hoped.  \\"Spock is logical and the mirror universe is illogical.  If I know my Spocks, he'll...\\"  well he didn't.   The Kirk Twin is now Emperor Tiberius (ET) and he has enslaved humans and Vulcan alike.  <br />ET has left home and found a way to our universe and has bad things planned for the federation.  Only kirk can stop him.  But kirk has a lot of friends to help.  Shatner has two Spocks, McCoy and Scotty, and Picard & crew to help.  But how do we know which Picard is a mirror or not?  <br />This is the second book of the second trilogy (5th of the double trilogy) written by Shatner and friends for the star trek galaxy.  I had long been disappointed in ST books, because they often read as if throw together.  Shatner's ST is clearly the best that ST has to offer.  If started with ASHES OF EDEN which turned into a trilogy, with the second book being THE RETURN.  So, you want to kill off James T. Kirk huh?  If you haven't read at least SPECTRE, you will want to because it starts this story arch.  The story doesn't end with this book, and continues with PRESERVER.  This is great sci-fi and great ST stuff.<BR>Some have called DV the weakest of the trilogy which can happen to the middle book for a series, because things end \\"up in the air\\".  But for shear entertainment this was a lot of fun to read.  You have to read PRESERVER for the ending.  Do it.  Shatner is a great story teller.<br />Since I am now boycotting Star Wars NJO with the killing of Anakin, I truly hope that the Star Trek people will do a better job giving us more high quality books that are fun to read.  Shatner is great.  But I recently read the Dominion War 4 book set and was disappointed.  I read these for the familiar characters and especially like what Shatner has done, reviving kirk and putting him with TNG characters.
This is the first Shatner book I read.  I have read the first 5 and liked them all.  I stopped reading them when I became obsessed with the new Star Wars expanded universe following Timothy Zahn's  trilogy about the further adventures of Luke and friends.  If you saw FIFTH ELEMENT I imaged that Shatner's Jake Cardigan was a futuristic scruffy, PI more like Bruce Willis than Stacey Keach.  When the TV series started starring Greg Evigan I thought Evigan did a fine job.  <br />Shatner and friends have done a great job creating this futuristic world where Tek theatens to do real harm to humanity.  Cardigan, after spending years in a deep freeze coma prison is released and goes to work for a detective agency.  The TV series followed the books fairly closely as Shatner was a big part of both, but the books had differences.  Check these book out if you can find them.  They are a fun read.
This is the first Shatner book I read.  I have read the first 5 and liked them all.  I stopped reading them when I became obsessed with the new Star Wars expanded universe following Timothy Zahn's  trilogy about the further adventures of Luke and friends.  If you saw FIFTH ELEMENT I imaged that Shatner's Jake Cardigan was a futuristic scruffy, PI more like Bruce Willis than Stacey Keach.  When the TV series started starring Greg Evigan I thought Evigan did a fine job.  <br />Shatner and friends have done a great job creating this futuristic world where Tek theatens to do real harm to humanity.  Cardigan, after spending years in a deep freeze coma prison is released and goes to work for a detective agency.  The TV series followed the books fairly closely as Shatner was a big part of both, but the books had differences.  Check these book out if you can find them.  They are a fun read.
James T. Kirk and friends Vs Emperor Tiberius.  This the 6th ST book done by William Shatner and friends (and book 3 of the mirror mirror trilogy) and it is a bit below the standards set by the first 5.  I must say though that I haven't read the book, only the abridged audio CD.  The chase part of the book was hard to follow.  <br />If you read the other five, you have to read this one.  Shatner and friends are the best story tellers in the ST universe.  I hope they plan to keep the books coming, and include characters from all the series.  <br />What about a trilogy called:  DATA THE RETURN.  Kirk and Picard go back to the time of Capt Archer and set out to steal a Borg Devise that could revive Data.  ST has little continuity anyway, so what's the harm.
James T. Kirk and friends Vs Emperor Tiberius. This the 6th ST book done by William Shatner and friends (and book 3 of the mirror mirror trilogy) and it is a bit below the standards set by the first 5. I must say though that I haven't read the book, only the abridged audio CD. The chase part of the book was hard to follow.  Shatner does a great job on all his audio CD.<BR> <BR>If you read the other five, you have to read this one. Shatner and friends are the best story tellers in the ST universe. I hope they plan to keep the books coming, and include characters from all the series. <br />What about a trilogy called: DATA THE RETURN. Kirk and Picard go back to the time of Capt Archer and set out to steal a Borg Devise that could revive Data. ST has little continuity anyway, so what's the harm.  <br />This review is more the Abridged Audio CD version.
This is book 3 of the series that became a TV show for a short time.  If you read and enjoyed the first 2 (Tekwar and Tek Lords) you will probably like this one also.  This is as formulaic as a hit TV series, but you gotta love Jake and his friends as written by Shatner and his friends.   <br />You might laugh about the plot idea for restoring the English monarchy, but I work with a salesman once who had a PHD in medieval history who felt the world would be better off under a single monarchy.  He was serious.  Votes straight dem to.  <br />Anyway, I think Plots are like eating a food preparation for the first time.   I don't mind trying it as it was intended to be eaten.  A plot should be allowed to be developed, and only if it trips all over itself do I conclude that it was stupid in the context of the story being told.  Of course the plot is stupid.  That is why it must be stopped.
Great sequel for Generations and Ashes of Eden.  I read where Shatner was doing a ST trilogy when he learned that the movie producers were killing him off.  He died great didn't he!  He made a difference.  Well he made a difference to the world of ST novels as well.  This is his work.  I am only assuming that for him it was, well... important work.  <br />As a sequel, it follows generations perfectly, and AoE not so perfectly.  But, for all those goofs that hate Shatner, why did you even read this book, if you really did read it at all.  Given what others left him, I thought he came up with a brilliant way to RETURN.  I have the book and audio CD.  Shatner reads the book on the CD and does a wonderful job.  So here¡¦s to you and your friends Mr. Shatner :)!  You just keep writing books about James Tiberius Kirk.  Include Dr. Mc Coy in them will ya.
This review is based on the abridged Audio CD.  I've read the Tek War books and 6 of his ST books, and this is my least favorite of the bunch so far.  I'm a Hugh Shatner fan, as author and as Kirk, but I can only give this 3 stars.  What holds this story together is the interplay between Picard and Kirk?  We have a little murder mystery going on her also.  Shatner has teamed them many times, and it seems he is the only author with the guts or gravitas to do it.  I hope he keeps writing in the ST universe.  I like the fact that Kirk, Bones (God rest his soul), Spock and Scotty live on in Shatner's Star Trek world.  <br />I hated it when Generations killed off Kirk, and loved it when he had to audacity to write himself back to life.  And I am not tongue-in-cheek.  I am serious.  THE RETURN is the first non-Tek War Shatner book I had read.  Based on that book I have read the rest of his ST books, and this one at 3 stars is the worst of the bunch, but still pretty good Star trek Sci-Fi.  This review is based on the Audio CD.
Not much description here, but the first 5 tek war books were fun.  Till they made the TV show, I sort of imagined a scruffy Bruce Willis, as in Fifth element as cardigan.  But Greg Evigan was very acceptable as an affordable alternative.  The surprise is what was included here.  But i highly recommend the Tek War series written capably by shatner.
This is real good ST and real good Sci-Fi.  Lets see, Picard is what, about 50, Ricker about 19 and Data 8 years old.  Alone come Captain Kirk, who has been in star fleet for 100 years, spock 150 year and Shatner (WHO IS KirK!!!) is attacked for writing a book where Kirk and Spock outshine Picard.  Why Shatner haters even read Shatner books (maybe they don't?).  I know why they should read this one.  Even if you hate Shatner, this is a good stuff.  Shatner and his friends, and I don't care how much Shatner actually writes, tell good stories.  I wish they would keep writing ST books and include the characters from DS9, TNG and Voyager.  Maybe even get caught in a time warp and go back to visit Capt. Archer. <br />Also, Picard thinks enough of Kirk that he went into the stream to get him, an event that ended in kirk dieing again.  Might not Picard defer to Kirk for a plausible rational when he lacked one?  I think so.  Picard was great at sounding out his officers before acting.   Once they are finally on the same side, Picard and Kirk are a great team.<br />This book has a lot in it.  If you like the pacing and style of this book, try Shatner's Tek War books for the adventures of a futuristic PI Jake Cardigan.
Welcome to the World of Star Trek Mr. Shatner!<BR>Or should the ST world of literature welcome him.  I had already read his Tek War books.  Then they killed Kirk off in the movie GENERATIONS.  I was disappointed because Kirk was always the star of ST for me.  He had the kahoneys to write THE RETURN which was the second ST novel he wrote.  I had tried to like the Star Trek books that came before Shatner returned to the world of ST but they were mostly mediocre at best.  Well I liked the return and immediately read Shatner's first ST novel, Ashes of Eden.  <br />Shatner leads the reader astray a bit.  At first you are thinking you are in the midst of a story written to satisfy an old guy who is in the middle of late life crises.  You think it is a simple story of a man needing a young babe and a new mission.  But it is a set up for a real interesting story... I'll let you read the rest for yourself.   The novel is also the first of what became a double trilogy.  This first trilogy is followed by THE RETURN 1996 and then AVENGER 1997.  The next trilogy starts with a real good one called SPECTRE, 1998, followed by DARK VICTORY, also good, and concluding with PRESERVER, 2000.  PRESERVER was a bit of a disappointment, but I also never actually read the book, having bought the Audio CD instead.<br />William Shatner and friends, I am glad you stopped by the ST literature; your contributions are worthy reads!  I wish you had written the 4 book series on the DOMINION WAR.
Whether one is conservative, liberal, socialist, fascist or libertarian, reading this book helps one understand where  libertarians are coming from.  Libertarians have beliefs that can't be explained away as hate or racism and such name calling is the last resort of those who have no substantive arguments to make.<br />My professors should have assigned this book as part of my poly sci degree, though they had me read Adam Smith, Mao and Marx.
Some Times Dark horse makes it tough to figure out which comic is which.  If you are looking for the early sith - Jedi comics try this one:  Paperback: 160 pages ; Dimensions (in inches): 0.34 x 10.18 x 6.67 <BR>* Publisher: Dark Horse Comics; (April 1996) <BR>* ISBN: 1569710953
Obi-wan Kenobi was considered a clumsy.  For me this little childs ready is the beginning of the pre-quel trilogy era.  The Jedi Knights are in yodas care.  Young obi-wan needs to be selected as a padawan.  After some disappointment, he is selected by Qui-Gon Ginn, the rest is Expanded Universe history.  Dave Wolverton also wrote my favorite SW novel, courtship of Princess Leia.  My 3 star rating is my review for adults, to indicate that I think they will enjoy this little book.  My rating for the those 8 to 14 is 4 stars.  It is a book worth reading.
Even though Mark Cox has been associated with some very mediocre artwork and inking, I like the work done in this comic.  I place this comic on my time line at 33.5 years before NH and the artwork is tremendous.  Released in june 2001, this is one of the comics that received the new, higher quality production.  The cover by Beck is almost photographic.<br />A couple of other reviewers that I respect didn't care for the art and coloring.  I liked it a lot.  But they also liked the story more than I did.  I also don't see what they didn't like about the light sabers.  Oh well.  The story had problems, but most dark horse writing is mediocre.  But, what we do get is wonderful new material about characters that appear in the movies.  I couldn't help but wonder with each new jedi that I meet, how they were going to die when vader and sidious wipe them all out.  We also learn more about yoda.  We learn about some of his abilities.  But we never do learn why he could never master the basic language.<br />The real test for me was:  did my 9 year like it when we read it together,  He Did!  But then he is a visual
This reviews Star Wars: Jedi vs Sith.  Issues 1 through 6 TPB collected, published March, 2002.    Following the SW Timeline we are at 1000 before NH.  <br />art a 2, story a 1, inking and production a 4 avg = 2.  Binding, made in singapore, is very good.<br />On the time line, this comic continues the new astounding Art and ink production getting a grade of C for the art but a B.   The art work itself is uneven.  Some is excellent, but some is childlike, as if they were making a comic for very young children.  The style also resembled the manga art style.  <br />The story is awful.  The cover picture, the style of the art and the fact that the lead characters are children suggest that the target market for this comic was children.  This is not a childs comic.  The story starts with the mindless execution of children.  There is a difference in  action vs grotesque violence.  <br />George Lucas himself set the tone in Episode II when he needlessly beheaded humans.  The problem of graphic deaths and the highly improved digital imagery is one that Lucasfilm may have grappled with but the dark side won the day.  It is the same mindset that was evident in some of the NJO books, particularly Star By Star.  The producers of that series of books created a very dark environment with tremendous dread.  A lot of readers loved it.  But it was not as welcomed by older fans like myself.  <BR>Back to the comic, the odd art work may indicate that the editors wanted to cartoonize the characters to minimize the reaction to the violence.  The artwork is unlike anything I have seen in the SW galaxy.  Because this has little to offer to the expanded universe, you can skip it.
Redemption takes place 10 years after the Sith War, or on my Time Line, 3986 before NH.  It is a TPB Comic collecting the issues 1 through 5 of STAR WARS: TALES OF THE JEDI - REDEMPTION.  <br />It is the continuing story of Ulic Qel-droma including Nomi Sunrider.  Exar kun has been destroyed and Ulic stripped of his powers.  This is his story of redemption, and his journey back to from the dark side.  This is also supposed to be a story that is in the holocrons discovered 4000 years later.<br />We are still in the old republic Era but this comic released in July, 2001 presents Art and coloring that are a stunning improvement.  Dark horse is on it way to arriving at the products that they finally start releasing in 2002.  At least on the SW timeline this is the first time we get to see the future of art, drawing and coloring that dark horse will be putting out in the future and it is spin chillingly great!<BR>This is written by Kevin j Anderson, so the continuity and foreshadowing are all here for those who are actively reading the SW offering of comic and Novels.  I know Kevin gets his knocks, but I am a fan.  He is one of the two authors I'd love to meet and talk to.  Kevin, I hope you are alive and well!  I also still argue that his JEDI ACADEMY trilogy is extremely important to the expanded universe.<br />The story at times appears to be a splice job, but that is not uncommon with dark horse.  The cover is one of the worst ever produced, so turn the cover page out of site and enjoy.
Redemption takes place 10 years after the Sith War, or on my Time Line, 3986 before NH.  It is a TPB Comic collecting the issues 1 through 5 of STAR WARS: TALES OF THE JEDI REDEMPTION.  <br />It is the continuing story of Ulic Qel-droma including Nomi Sunrider.  Exar kun has been destroyed and Ulic stripped of his powers.  This is his story of redemption, and his journey back to from the dark side.  This is also supposed to be a story that is in the holocrons discovered 4000 years later.<br />We are still in the old republic Era but this comic released in July, 2001 presents Art and coloring that are a stunning improvement.  Dark horse is on it way to arriving at the products that they finally start releasing in 2002.  <br />On the SW timeline this is the first time we get to see the future of art, drawing and coloring that dark horse will be putting out in the future and it is spin chillingly great!  Made in singapore, the binding is good and can stand the stess of someone actually opening the beook and reading it.  After Dark Horse moves manufacture to China, the binding takes a sharp decline.  Any attempt to actually open and read the comic can result in it falling apart in your hands.<br />This is written by Kevin j Anderson, so the continuity and foreshadowing are all here for those who are actively reading the SW offering of comic and Novels.  I know Kevin gets his knocks, but I am a fan.  He is one of the two authors Id love to meet and talk to.  Kevin, I hope you are alive and well!  I also still argue that his JEDI ACADEMY trilogy is extremely important to the expanded universe.<br />The story at times appears to be a splice job, but that is not uncommon with dark horse.  The cover is one of the worst ever produced, so turn the cover page out of site and enjoy.
This TPB comic seems to take place after TALES OF THE JEDI, THE COLLECTION so I am placed it in Timeline year 3998 before NH.  Released in dec 1997 we get about the same quality art and coloring as TOTJTC (about a C) but dave dorman did the cover art, and he it great!  The story also rates a 3.  It has good action and is more tightly written than some of the other Old republic era comics.  This one is a worthwhile read, but not as good as Darkhorse will start putting out in the future.<br />The binding on this comic is good and can handle some abuse.  Some of the new TPB comic binding since production was moved to China is inferior.  I have had a comic fall apart in my hands while reading it.
This Comic can be found listed 3 ways.  I am reviewing the first of the 3 that is called: Tales of the Jedi - The Sith War written by Kevin J Anderson and published July, 1996 with ISBN 1569711739.  This is a dark Horse TPB comic covering issues 1 through 6 of STAR WARS: TALES OF THE JEDI - THE SITH WAR.  Other editions with the same title and cover art are:  Titan ISBN 1840231300 published April, 2000 and TALES OF THE JEDI 3 - THE SITH WAR published by McMillan march, 1997 under ASIN: 075220369X.  <br />I have assigned the timeline year of -3996 before NH to this comic.  As did Exar Kun before him and Luke skywalker 4,000 years later, Jedi hero Ulic Qel-Droma is tempted by the dark side following the murder of master Arca.  Before there was Darth Vader, Dark lord of the Sith, there was Ulic Qel-Droma, Dark lord of the Sith.  <br />This comic written by KJA who did much of the Old Republic Comics.  He also did The JEDI ACADEMY trilogy, one of my favorites.  Since Kevin also did the SW Essential Chronology we find few continuity problems here.  The art and coloring is a \\"C\\" grade, though some pages are stunningly awesome.  The action is tremendous.  The story is a little hard to follow.  Ulic is in the Empress Teta system (not on the galaxy maps produced in the NJO).  Ulic is seduced by the Dark side and by Aleema.  At about 150 pages long, the story twists and turns and is generally as unpredictable as an episode of LAW AND ORDER.  <br />If you have started reading these Old Republic comic and liked them, you'll like this one.
The audio casette is lossely based on the comics from dark Horse.  i have given the best of these comics 3 star out of 5.  i found this multi cast productions to be a little hard to follow.  The focus is on the action and dialog, and they sacrific some of the background.  The actual production and mixing with the music is excellent.  You may want to have read the comics to help you know the full context of what is going on.  I have every SW audio book ever made because i listen while driving my motor home.  I prefer the full narration provided under the normal, one reader format.  My one regret is that very few of the books come unabridged.  I have only found a couple that were.  If you have been following the Old Republic comic on the Star Wars expanded universe, you may enjoy these.  See if they are at your library first before you buy though.
This is the conclusion of the Golden Age of the Sith.  The Fall is also set 5,000 years before NEW HOPE.  While the art work also improves, yes I said improves, the story seems to disintegrate into itself.  Since I like some of KJA's work, I am assuming that he was not the lead writer, just placed first alphabetically.  Nothing important happens here so don't feel you need to waste your money buying this book, unless you want to buy mine!
On the SW time line this is the first of the OLD REPUBLIC ERA stories released Aug 1997.  Written by Kevin j Anderson, author of the JEDI ACADEMY TRILOGY (1994), KJA is one of the more important writers in the SW universe, or at least he was.  He wrote the young jedi series, and those kids are now the heart of the jedi in the NJO series of books.   He also wrote the Essential chronology with Daniel Wallace released in 2000. These old republic are comics have been criticized as almost unrecognizable from the jedi that luke is training.  <BR>It is not my job to defend KJA and his story, but times were different.   What I can't explain away is the poor editing.  All the ORE comics are confusing as heck.  Most of them have no importance to the Skywalker era.  The art work that gets a C grade, but Darkhorse has made tremendous strides in later comics.  Comics produced in 2002 and 2003 have stunning artwork!  I'll give this comic a 3 star review for starting things off.
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students. In the finale, the student must fight the &quot;ghost&quot;.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <BR>For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Other than the GL done SW movies, this is the most important series of books in the Galaxy Far Far Away.  If i were starting out as a reader of the Expanded Star Wars universe I would not start with Zahn first.  I would start with the Han Solo trilogy first.<br />Darkhorse has made some SW books in comics.  They gereally do a good job, but not always.  They often suffer from poor editing decision.  This one is no exception.  It is to bad that you can't put the audio (book on tape) casette or CD and play it along with the comic, but you can't.  The comic takes to many deletions to fit their page limitations.  Still I have to give this 5 stars to reward Darkhorse for the attempt.  Wishing DH would do other SW novels... thank you for this one.
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
OK!  I have problems with some of the writing here but this trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe.  We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character).  I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline.  Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe.  Dark Empire was one of them.  <br />Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel.  He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole.  Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.<br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
OK!  I have problems with some of the writing here but this trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe.  We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character).  I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline.  Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe.  Dark Empire was one of them.  <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
Han gets captured and enslaved on kessel. He meets Kip Durron and they help each other escape, but into a Maw of a forming Black Hole. Luke is trying to find Jedi for his academy, but a Dark Force spirit is threatening the students.  This trilogy when combined with I, Jedi are important contributions to the SW Universe. We get Kessel, the Maw installation, Kip, adm Daala who reappears then disappears, Qui Xu, the first hint of the aftermath of Dark Empire, and more Wedge (now a critical character). <BR>I had some problem with the story like: The spirit of a dead jedi having such tremedous power, the whole idea of the Suncrusher and the studip diversion of the blob race storyline. Unlike some, I feel that some of the darkhorse comics have made important contributions the SW Expanded Universe. Dark Empire was one of them. <br />For those of you who plan to read the New Jedi Order books, you'll find that Kevin J Anderson has made important contributions to SW including this trilogy and the young jedi books (the YJ books are surprisingly good).
I couldn't get into it, but my 8 year old son did.  These were illustrated and interesting, as they were written Pre-Zahn Thrawn trilogy.  If you want star wars for young kids that are readable and have pictures, check out the darkhorse comics.
This is arguably my favorite Star Wars series of books. Paradise Snare takes you from Han's \\"Charles Dickens\\" beginning and why he understands Wookie speak to introduce his first love.  This trilogy is also the logic beginning of the \\"classic\\" SW - Luke skywalker era, as oposed to the \\"prequel\\" era and the NJO era.  <br />If you have already read some NJO and Prequel stuff, start your journey through the \\"classic period here!<br />For those who are disappointed with the \\"prequel\\" stories and the NJO books, the Classic star Wars starts here and ends with vision of the future.
Han makes a war lord real made in this one.  This book sets up part of the plot in the Courtship of Princess leia.<br />Allston is one of my favorite writers in the SW universe.  I even read his NJO book, even though it is a &quot;post SBS book&quot;.  Aaron uses humor and action to tell a goood, fun to read story.
This is the second book of the trilogy that introduces Han Solo and is the true beginning of the &quot;Classic Star Wars era that ends with Vision of the Future.<br />Han earns the affection of Jabba.  This is my favorite series of books in the classic SW universe.
This is still a strong book, just seemed a little more convoluted than the rest.  I guess stackpole was trying to move on when he wrote this, even though he did one NJO book to \\"kill off\\" his creation, Corran Horn.
This is the third book of my favorite SW trilogy. It starts with Han as a young scam artist and ends with Han and chewy on tatooine wondering how they are going to pay back Jabba for the lost Spice shipment.<br />As a recongition of the work done by the late brian daley, AC Crispin makes room for Daleys three stories, by acknowledging Han's trip to the corporate Sector.<br />For many of us, this trilogy is the beginning of the Classic Star wars, also called the adventures of Luke Skywalker. For those who have only read the NJO or the Prequel movies and books, this is the era that creates a tremendous tapesty, which was destroyed when lucas changed publishers.
If we count I Jedi, i think this is book 10, and the final rogue book so far.  aaron allston does a fantastic job of combining characters primarily created by others.  Here, wedge is asked to be a &quot;diplomate&quot; for the new republic on a world that reveres pilots.  Adumar is a feudel world where pilots are the josting knights.
The rogue books are mostly about Wedge, but Corran horn gains importance in the Star wars universe.
This movie and the novelization were a mixed bag for me.  The movie was an improvement on Episode 1 (3 stars).  I thought the movie was brilliant with the exception of the middle of it, that made no sense.  <br />Jedi can't marry?  Was that something new while windu and Yoda ran things.  I am sure glad that this no-marrying tidbit did not survive into the future because Corran and Mirax might get ticked.<br />The politics.  Lucas' version had different politics than Salvatores novelization.  The political vision here was as different here as it was different in star Trek from Roddenberry to his successors.  Watch the movie again and then read the book or listen to the unabridged novel.  Lucas cleaned it up to present a more nuetral vision, a vision where more sides were to blame than just one.  RAS was not nuetral or unoffensive.<br />As far as a story about the clones, this wasn't it.  Maybe we will get that in future books.  But Episode II is a pretty good fillin for the story line developing in the books.
When I saw this seies I bought all the books.  The dominion war is referred to a number of Star Trek books with little detail.  The 2 Shatner Trilogies refer to it as well.  And, of course the TV shows dealt with it.  <br />I figured that with four books to accomplish to job, I would get a &quot;full&quot; understanding and description of the Dominion war.  It doesn't happen.  These books offer little and are not important to the Star Trek story. <br />Books one and three are with the TNG characters.  I don't care for TNG books that have little or no participation of my second favorite character DATA.  (guess how i feel about nemesis?)  Books 2 and 4 are with the DS9 characters and seem to offer little that you haven't seen.  <br />Riker spends the entire book in space dock romancing a lunatic bureaucrat.  Data sits on a lifeless planet doing nothing.<br />Worf still hasn't married Jax or whoever she is this week.  Ron Laran falls for a guy named Sam?<br />Books 1 and 3 rate a 3.5 star and books 2 and 4 rate a 2.5 for an average of 3.  But if you are interested in buying books to fill in fun details about the dominion war, they haven't been written yet.<br />Maybe Michael Stackpole and Aaron Allston can get together and write a good series about the Dominion War.
It is a tricky assignment to write a story based on a game and still be relevant to the rest of the expanded universe.  Mr Dietz did a pretty good job here.  Kyle Katarn, which is available as an action figure, is the guy that steals the plans to the death star.  Considering that I had already read the Han solo trilogy, (My favorite trilogy in the EU) where Hans first love dies leading the decoy team, I thought it worked.<br />The art work was uneven to me.  Some of it was sharp and germane to the story.  Some of it was soft pastels that I just did not care for.  And none of the artwork matches Dorman who does the third and book in this trilogy.  <br />I really liked the format for the illustrated novella.  I wish there were more.
I do know what to say about the art work.  I own every Darkhorse TPB comic and this one has the best inks and coloring of them all, getting a 6 on a 5 scale.  The drawing itself is a 4 on a 5 scale, and the story is also a 4.<br />the story missed some oportunity here, but it does address what you are probably curious about with regard to jango.  <br />Darkhorse be warned, I'll expect this kind of quality in the future.  I have suffered through lazy editioning from you guys, most disappointingly in UNION and others.
Old war movies were obvious as to which character would die next. It was the guy they just spent some time on so that the viewer liked him, then the sniper would shot him in the head, or the land mine would go off. In Star Trek it was the new character that beamed down that got killed. I am not asking for only the new guy to get killed but...<br />The SW universe spent a lot of effort, and in turn asked us to invest some emotion in caring for Anakin. He was developed over a long period of time. His greatness was foreshadowed in hugh doses. We kept wondering how he would evolve when he reached adulthood. Now we'll never know.<br />It can be a great story placing a beloved character in great peril, then devising an ingenius escape.  So anakin is placed in great peril.  The reader wondering... Wow is this guy in trouble now, wonder how he gets out of this... oh. they killed him. guess i wasn't supposed to wonder how he gets out of this one. he doesn't.<br />The Rogue and Wraith Squadron books were interesting, and maybe some of it was that pilots do die in battle. So the writers had to kill off an interesting character sometimes. But how much fun would it be if they really kill off Wedge, Horn or Face? It would not have been fun at all. <br />This was supposed to be fun. It isn't any more.
I am one of those who was really ticked off when first they killed chewy, then they kill Anakin.  I was hoping for more from this comic about chewy.  I did not review this before because I was disappointed that they decided to kill chewy.  Then I read Star by Star and was staggered by the mind set that would set up us for this kill the way they did.  Now, I have re-read Chewbacca.<br />CHEWY.  Some of it was warm and wonderful.  But you cant get past the mediocre stories that were written.  MASTADGE is no Lucas studge but he gives this 5 stars?  What were you looking at?  McInerney gets it about right.  Handofthrawn must be an heir to the dark horse fortune.  He often gives 5 stars to mediocre comic book works.  <br />The stories are closer to mediocre, bad, choppy or stupid than to call them clever or well crafted.  To bad.  There was a lot of potential that was wasted here.
OK, your reading the novels and you wonder why Wedge is driving a large recycler in the opening of a book.  Then you read references to the Clone Emperor or resurrected emperor and that Luke once went to the dark side and came back.  Dark Empire is where those things happen.  <br />It is a pretty good story with above average art work.  Some of the art is stunning!  It was this comic that got me interested in the art of DAVE DORMAN.  DAVE IS AMAZING!  <br />Palpatine gets cloned and has a new super weapon.  Luke goes to the dark side to stop the Emperor.  Coruscant gets blasted (or is it corresaunt now).  Leia, undertrained as she is goes to rescue her brother.  The two are never more powerful again.  <br />After surviving and defeating the resurrected emperor, Leia and luke go back to their old selves in future novels ie:  Leia is only barely competitent, and Luke is distracted almost to the point of incompetitence at times (one of my big grips in some books). <br />This is the first of 3 comics on this thread.  You can skip the other two, but this one is worthwhile.  For an additional treat, do a search of \\"dave dorman art\\" and check out where-ever he is.  You'll like what you find.
This review is for the Dominion War (DW) 4 book set.  I hoped that the people in charge of star trek could have written a series of books that gave us some of the grand sweep of the war in our galaxy that earth could have lost.  THIS WAS NOT THAT SERIES.  A better Title would have been SNIPPETS FROM THE DOMINION WAR (a lttle french military inuendo there) as we learn very little about the Dominion War.<br />Star fleet takes their greatest leader Picard (is kirk dead again?) and puts him in charge of a commando operation that has little chance of success in a tiny back water to a great war.  We see virtually nothing of that war, only that the federation getting slaughtered.  At least Picard knows to use two teams, instead on relying on only one team.<br />Of course it is not the publishers fault that I assumed they would fill in new information about the DW story with fuller richer detail.  That would have been to much work.  What was i expecting from a non-Shantner book.<br />SPOILER!!.  At least they don't kill a popular character, which is why i gave 2 stars instead of 1.<br />I knew the plant from the beginning.  Cone on.  How many of you were shocked to learn who the saboteur was.  A slow piece of junk defeats 3 enemies?  Enterprise shows up right on time WAY behind the lines of the most guarded thing the dominion has?<br />This series would have better placed a Junior Star War series, featuring Picards, Rikers Troys geordis and datas children.
Loved the movie - liked the book.  The main item of curiosity to me was that RAS specifically attacked capitalism, while The George Lucas film version merely decried the greed from all sides, not just the captitalist.  GL also never used the word Capitalism specifically prefering terminology not used in our galaxy.<br />A second curiosity, which was expanded on in the book, were the discussions of Emperialism (need for one strong leader, which usually translates to great public relations) vs democracy vs royal democacy, where all the candidates are members of the royal family, and apparently under age 21.  <br />Palpatine's plan was 1.  create havoc so that people would happily give up their freedom and rights in exchange for safety.<BR>2.  create enemies to use up the Jedi<BR>3.  create a republic army of clones to suppliment the republic \\"navy\\".<br />A SW nut will enjoy the \\"add-in's\\" that have not been put in the movie YET.  <br />If you can overlook the sloppy writing you will likely enjoy this expended tale of episode II.<br />BRING BACK ANAKIN SOLO SOCIETY, JEDIMACK.
This book made me so angry I am starting a campaign to get the person fired that talked George Lucas into this. I own and have read all the books, even junior jedi.<br />The prior books leading to SBS suck you in, then Denning is ordered to kill the most compelling character in the EU SW universe. Sept 11 gave me enough reality thank you.<br />If you like Dark books with Sick twists you'll love SBS. I'm done with NJO until HE comes back.
I was determined to follow this NJO story line, but the ... just keeps on coming.  What the editors will end up with is totally different people caring to stay with them.  They will lose the fans that have supported the EU so far.  But the books are trying for something that the movies were not.<br />Maybe the editors should try watching the old movie again and try and figure out what it was that created and sustained the fandom.  Your future may die with your next kill.<br />I have to put up with the Pre-quel movies that have to be very dark.  I'd rather not have to put up with it in EU-NJO.
I have submerged myself in everything star wars for almost 25 years.  I trusted you people to deliver good entertainment.  This isn't fun!  I feel like tearing down my giant hand-made poster of the SW Universe, and selling my 51 containers of SW mint figures and all the SW books and audio tapes I have purchased.<br />I feel betrayed and stupid for investing so much in a fictional galaxy far far away.<br />SOMEONE NEEDS TO BE FIRED OVER THIS.  If it was George Lucas, shame on you George...  shame, shame, shame.<br />George, remember when Bonanza Hiped Little Joes wedding for two weeks, then killed his wife, my family and a lot of other families never tuned in again.  The show was essentially DEAD.  <br />BRING HIM BACK OR I'M GONE.
If you have already read the other Wraith books, you'll love this one also.  Han takes charge of the Zsinj pursuit, hence the name SOLO COMMAND.  <br />Han is my favorite character and Allston got him perfect.  The author uses humor throughout the books and it contributes greatly to the action and enjoyability of the books.  <br />After reading the first X-Wing book, I bought the next 7 books, and blew through them.  Then I bought the books on tape and they were all great (I have a long commute to work every day).<br />All these X-Wing books rank with the best of all the Star Wars books.  I hope future authors find a way to work these characters into their books.
I really enjoyed the first four X-Wing books and was disappointed to see Mike Stackpole had not written the next books.  But WOW!  I love the Wraiths!  I am only sorry that these characters do not appear in any future books (tho I have not read the NJO books yet).<br />The action is great, the characters are fun and the humor is perfect.<br />The Wraiths are formed to be sort of X-Wing pilot commandos.  Each member of the Wraiths has a specialty that complements the whole group.  Sadly, some of them die, just like in reality. <br />All the Wraith books are good.  They pick up where Stackpole left off.  You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll love the action.
This is my favorite of all the star wars books.  I originally read it when it first came out but have re-read it several times since.  I now have a basis for comparison.<br />Han is my favorite character, so any book that has a lot of him in it is likely to be a favorite.  The story starts when it looks like Han will lose Leia.  He wins a planet for her then kidnapes her to that planet.<br />We are then introduced to the force power witches.  One ends up in lukes jedi academy.  Reading this book is a must in my opinion because some of it is the basis for future books.<br />The story has action, danger and romance.  The characters are true to what we expect.  The book also continues the story of war lord Zsing (and completes it) from x-wing series.  I only wish that Dark Horse comics would do this book as a comic like they did the Thrawn trilogy.
I give this book a 4 star.  This is an average.   The artwork is photographic and I give it a 5.  Luke looks like Luke, Han like Han, Wedge is Wedge and Leia is Leia.  It was fun to see the artwork on the rogues.  They do look different than the other Rogue comics, but they look more real here.  <br />The characters get a 4.  It was fun to see the authors bring back people from other comics and novel.  Because Stackpole was involved they all seemed to be in character.  <br />The way that Mara was presented was completely acceptable to me.<br />The story was the love story I hoped it would be but I give it 3 stars.  This was the part I liked best.  I read so many comics with my six year son, and he loved it.  I had been hoping that this would be a story  that my eight year old daughter would enjoy sharing with me.  She did.  I did have a problem following the general story line though.  I agree with the review done by Christopher Ware below, that the story line was confusing.  Contributing to the confusion was failure to identify many of the other characters that were speaking.<br />It would have been helpful to more clearly identify who it was that was on the page.  Many characters were not identified when they first appeared in the story.  Too many hansome guys with dark hair.  To many beautiful women with dark hair.  If I hadn't read all the W-Wing books first I would not have even been able to guess.<br />I therefore give this book 4 stars, when it could have been better with a little more attention to understandability.  I ask the editors...  Were you trying to perpetrate a mystery, as in guessing who was who, or just to lazy to do a better job.<br />Now I would like to see a comic version of THE COUTSHIP OF PRINCESS LEIA so I can read that with my daughter.
This book is three storys in one. Only one of the three is good.<br />1. The main story about the black fleet and the crisis surrounding it gets 5 stars from me. A race that views all others as vermin slaughters it neighbors and the New Republic must act. Leia gets a grip on the situation only after the enemy threaten a loved one. I love the politics in this part of the story, especially in the era of clinton. <br />I bought audio tapes for the trilogy before reading it. Someday, I'll edit the 6 tapes, and probably end up with 3 without missing anything important about the story.<br />2. The story about Luke wandering around the galary as everything is going to ... is rediculous on many levels. I give it 2 stars because it at least ends up tieing in at the end in a way you can't believe. But then I bought the idea of a magician tricking an empirial fleet in the Han Solo trilogy, so why not steal the idea and use it here.<br />3. The story about the \\"ghost ship\\" is very boring and has little to do with anything except to help make the black Fleet Crisis a trilogy, instead of a duology. I give this 1 star instead of 0 stars, because we get to know Lobot, and i love Lando. <br />So 8/15 rounds up to 3 stars. You can skip this one as well as Children of the Jedi and Crystal Star. If you don't like seeing Luke with an 80 IQ I would say that you should skip this series and the new Vector Prime also, but a Star Wars fan can't, if you want to read the rest of the NJO books.
This book and Planet of Twilight are boring.  I hate it when our heros wander aimlessly, a problem in a few SW books.  At least I didn't buy the book on tape before reading it, like I did with planet of twilight.  Anyone  want to buy the tape, cheap?  JEDIMACK.
I had read all the other books and most of the comics, but had avoided the x-wing books.  But I started reading them while I was waiting for the ONSLAUGHT books of the NEW JEDI ORDER to be completed by Stackpole.  I  thought the x-wing books were very enjoyable.  <br />Some of the problems  included:  I had the spy pegged from the beginning.  Hard to follow  characters in the battles until I got to the later books.  To little  mention of characters from prior books, like a completely different head on  intelligence.<br />But for the most part, michael did NOT step on the toes of  the authors of the other books.  I did like the Horn and Kell characters.   I had already read I JEDI a few years ago, so I knew who Corran marries,  who his step father to be was, and what he flew around in.<br />At first I was  disappointed by the transition when Aaron took over the x-wing writing in  book 5 with new characters, but I like him so far, and I am now into X-wing  6, Iron fist.  If the quality holds, I'll go all the way to x-wing #9.  I  do recommend these books to fellow star wars lovers.
I enjoyed this book, but i've read all the adult books and even have all the books on tape except Children of the Jedi, and Darksaber. There were things that nagged it me, like why didn't someone edit the book that was more familiar with the Star Wars Universe and expanding abilities of Luke and Leia. <br />How is it that Luke couldn't sense his wife was in danger only a few feet away, or that she never thought to call to him or reach for him in the force.  Neither felt a presence that \\"rejects the force\\".  Leia couldn't sense if her son was alive. The bad guys stopped using their highly effective metal eating bugs, which can go into hyperspace when crunch time came and they suddenly lost their ability to turn off the good guys shields.  Then there's chewy.<br />Star Wars is sci fi fantasy where continuity has been maintained.  I visit the SW universe (re reading sw books) for escape, not to have my favorite characters killed. <br />I wish that the aithor could have developed Kip more, but it was good to see he's a master now.
