David Carle takes a fresh approach to documenting California's development in light of water resources.  It's an approach tinted with hope.  Basically, Californians still have choices to make.  But, I have to say it's tough seeing California's water glass as half full.  Especially after reading about the complete crash in the salmon and steelhead runs up and down the state's watersheds.  It almost brought me to tears when I read:<br /><br />\\"In 1996, only about 1,014 miles of stream remained of the 2,113 miles of Central Valley streams originally used by Chinook salmon.\\"  Or,  \\"The spring run of Chinook on the San Joaquin River once numbered up to a half-million fish.  Salmon runs ended, completely, on that drainage after Friant Dam.\\"<br /><br />The author sprinkles a number of \\"what if\\" scenarios in the early parts of the book (e.g., what would the Owen's Valley be like today if not for Mulholland, etc.).  It's fun to ponder -if not too late to change, it would be useful to ponder.  There's a strong longing and sense of nostalgia for the pre sprawl days of Southern California in the book.  I came across any number of quotes from old-timers about \\"the air in Los Angeles being clear\\" or \\"you could smell the citrus blossoms for miles.\\"  I wonder what the Miwok or any of the other tribes inhabiting California would have said before the ranchers, farmers, and miners arrived.  Ah, wouldn't we all long for the days of the Golden State at the peak of her unexploited beauty and natural bounty - I know I do.<br /><br />One key pivot point for California's future is its farmland.  It boils down to a question of whether to grow sub-divisions or almonds.  In the last part of the book, Carle really hits his strive and represents the reader with the cold, sober reality of California's future - we are losing farmlands at a constant and rapid rate to housing developments.<br /><br />The book's merits are in drawing the clear lines between California's past decisions about water development and the current mess that has resulted.  Putting aside the unmatched economic and population growth, and whether that's been a net positive for the state and it's inhabitants or not, this author gives equal time to the \\"hidden costs.\\"  The loss of habitat, altered eco-systems, reduced bio-diversity, polluted air and water and extinction of species are all costs that California is paying today.<br /><br />The question remains how much more growth, if any, can our water resources continue to fuel.  Ultimately, California has a choice to make today - stabilize or continue unbounded growth.  The book closes with constructive and well thought approaches to making that choice.<br /><br />I applaud Mr. Carle for his work.t water development and the current mess that has resulted.  Putting aside the unmatched economic and population growth, and whether that's been a net positive for the state and it's inhabitants or not, this author gives equal time to the \\"hidden costs.\\"   The loss of habitat, altered eco-systems, reduced bio-diversity, polluted air and water and extinction of species are all costs that California is paying today.   <br /> <br />The question remains how much more growth, if any, can our water resources continue to fuel.  Ultimately, California has a choice to make today - stabilize or continue unbounded growth.  The book closes with constructive and well thought approaches to making that choice.   <br /> <br />I applaud Mr. Carle for his work. <br />
I knew going into this book that the author, Jack Loeffler, was Abbey's friend.  It became clear after reading Adventures with Ed just how close of a friend Loeffler was to him.  I mean these two guys seemed to spend a considerable amount of time hiking, drinking beer, and discussing the meaning of life.  And without a doubt, it's reflected in the second half of the book.<br /><br />The first part serves as a solid biography of Abbey's childhood, short tour in the military during WWII, academic wanderings, and general carousing around for women.  Loeffler does his homework and provides key points along the way that help the reader understand how Abbey's early searching shaped his philosophy.  Abbey's strong embrace of anarchism, for instance, rooted early and grew stronger during his UNM days.<br /><br />The last half of the book, or the post-meeting-Jack Loeffler period is an intimate look at Abbey the writer and friend.  Loeffler's fondness for Abbey is strong and comes through on these pages.  The reader gets to tag around with Jack and Ed on a number of extended outings into the high-desert wilderness.<br /><br />Overall, Loeffler provides a unique, insider's portrayal of one of the most out-spoken and influential writers on protecting and embracing the wild characteristics of our nature world.
Zakin spins an entertaining story of the rise and ultimate fall from grace of one of the most influential environmental organizations of our time.  The book emphasis is clearly on Foreman and his cronies and their hard-drinking, take-no-prisoner stand on protecting wilderness.  If you're interested in a detailed look inside the personalities that created and shaped Earth First!, then this is your book.
Its definitely not everyday that I find a lawyer to admire,  so Charles Wilkinson is that rare exception.  A bit reluctant at first to pick up a first hand account of recent resource and tribal issues on the Colorado Plateau as seen through the eyes of a lawyer, my attitude changed within a few pages.  Charles Wilkinson writes with heart!  It doesn't take long to see this writer has an obvious emotional investment in the clients and cases he goes to bat for.<br />The book opens with a telling case of Navajo high schoolers commuting long hours to attend classes.  Wilkinson and his firm made the case that long bus rides were leaving students tried before and after class and hurting their grades.  With evidence and conviction, they got high schools built on the reservations.  With each case recounted, I could sense Wilkinson's attachment to the Colorado plateau and its people grow and grow.<br />Fire on the Plateau also provides a much broader telling of both the social and natural history of the Four Corners area.  But what really set this book apart from others in my mind is Wilkinson's emergence from a lawyer who is just doing his job to someone who bonded to the land and the people he served.
In Who Owns the West, William Kittredge takes us on an emotional, often thought provoking ride of his intimate encounters with landscapes, friends, family, and fellow writers of the Western United States.  His thoughts and reflections are often framed around what is our relationship with the land and one another.<br />The book spans both the time and distance axes of Kittredge's life.  Running from his childhood experiences on the family ranch outside of Klamath Falls, Oregon to his current residence in Missoula.  Insights and connections to place come in the expected places and forms (e.g., fellow established writers) to some not so expected such as small, dark taverns frequented by folk who speak their mind and get more passionate with each drink.  The author excels at describing a \\"West\\" that is unique, personal, and still defining its character.<br /> Kittredge writes in closing how each of us embody a story whether we know it or not.  A screenplay that is essentially our life story exists, and the ultimate question is whether we are writing it or only acting out someone else's story.  The answer to the larger question of  \\"Who Owns the West?\\" is we all do.  And if you love the West, as Kittredge does, you'll draft a story of compassion and empathy for both the land and the life that inhabits this special place.
Five stars... without a doubt!  Blake, Blake, and Kitteridge craft a compelling case for stewardship of the ecosystems we inhabit.  The story is grounded in the Klamath Basin of Southern Oregon where a complex dance of men and nature is being played out.  Historically, the federal government in the form of the Bureau of Reclamation identified the water rich basin as a region to promote for farming.  No surprise that today the area is largely given over to farming and ranching.  Prior communities consisted of local Native Americans who for the last hundred years or so have been driven out of the basin either by our military or our legal system.  And last, but not the least in importance, the bio-diversity that suffers at the hands of lost habit, chemicals used for pesticides, and misguided management by public institutions.<br />Farmers, the indigenous Klamath people, migrating birds and native fish, all have their claims to the basin.  From recalling the basin from his early childhood to driving the dirt roads to meet the 3rd generation farmers and ranchers, William Kitteridge's writing is exceptional at putting real faces and names to this place.<br />The story is made sublime with some of the most outstanding western wildlife photography you are likely to find.  The photographs represent the sacredness of a place that serves as a stop for millions of migrating birds that no words can begin to portray.<br />A tragic postscript to the publishing of this book was a fish kill of some 30 thousand salmon on their way up the Klamath River to their spawning beds.  Its been concluded that in stream flows got drawn down to the point where the migrating salmon stacked up in swallow and warm pools which ultimately depleted the water of oxygen.  Only recently have federal wildlife managers admitted that diversion of water to farmers in the basin caused the massive fish kill in the Klamath.
The authors take a sharp needle to the over-inflated myth that the resource extraction industries (e.g., timber, mining, ranching) are the only ticket out of a downward trend in hourly pay in the region.  Post-Cowboy Economics does the hard, analytical work that is required to get to the real root cause of why wages are generally lower in the Mountain West.  To make its point, the authors focus on labor and demographic data over the years from 1978 to 1998.<br />What you learn from their research:<br />1. The contracting resource extraction industries in the Mountain West appear to have been driven by a pervasive national pattern in which jobs shifted from good production to services.<br />2. The decline in average pay was due to downward pressure on pay in almost all industries (i.e., the loss of \\"good\\" paying jobs).<br />3. The declines in pay during the 1980's were largely due to back-to-back national recessions.  Although national in extent, the recessions hit the Mountain West hard.<br />4. During the 80's and 90's technological advances and globalization of the American economy emerged as forces that caused the demand for labor to move from workers with little education and few skills toward workers with greater education and skills.  These forces were felt the most in rural communities.<br />The most interesting revelation for me came about when the authors compared wages to the population of the community.  The data clearly shows the largest cities provide the best wages, and as you go down in population, the wages follow.  This means that in comparing average pay in the Mountain West and the rest of the country, its important to consider where people live and work.  Residents who live in the Mountain West typically live in smaller communities than other Americans.  And this accounts for the gap in pay.<br />The authors devote some time on how to form public policy in light of this post-cowboy economy.  And thankfully its not one that looks backward to the good old days of job creation based on resource exploitation.good old days of job creation based on resource exploitation.
John McPhee joins geologist David Love for a tour of the Wyoming countryside.  Well at least, McPhee uses their drive along Interstate 80 as a jumping off point to spin a tale or two.  Painting on a broad canvas, he pieces together a detailed picture of Wyoming from its  rich geological history, to the hearty characters that settled there.  And the focal point for all this is David Love.  And why not?  Love's history with the area is indeed the stuff that can fill a book.<br />The descriptions of Love's parents (especially his dad) and how they cut their teeth in the ranching business on the unforgiving landscape proved the most entertaining for me.  The time spent looking for lost sheep, and moving herds put David Love on a path to his ultimate passion.... The geology of Wyoming.  For Love, the Wyoming landscape appeared more interesting and mysterious than anything else.  To his credit, Love is the only person to build a complete geological survey of an entire state.  Not to mention probably one of the most complex.<br />McPhee wraps up the book by looking at the challenges that face a place rich in resources such as coal, shale, and uranium.  As a geologist, Love reflects on the interesting role his life work plays in this regard.  For me, the story reveals two competing forces.  One being how a land like Wyoming can influence and shape a man's entire life, and conversely how that same man's life work can change our view and understanding of a complex landscape such as Wyoming.
A few words to sum up my thoughts here:  An American Classic.  I would not hesitate to put this book on the required reading list for high school lit classes across the country (e.g., along side The Red Badge of Courage and The Catcher in the Rye).  What a deep, insightful, emotional journey into the life of a man forced to exist in two completely different worlds.  The world of his youth and later return is truly \\"the house made of pollen, house made of dawn.\\"  The other is post-war Los Angeles, California.  (Some 35 years later and its still a hellhole.)<br />The way N. Scott Momaday structures the story may not appeal to all readers.  You will want to take your time here, and it doesn't hurt to allow the images to take hold in your mind.  Given the pure artistry of each scene in the book, you will be well rewarded.<br />In my honest opinion, it would be an injustice to the author and his work to attempt to render a nutshell, summary of the book.  So, please excuse any attempt I made here.
Clifford is a journalist and it shines through in this book.  His observations are clear and unbiased.  In fact, there are few stories where he's not riding a horse, sitting in a pick-up truck or walking with an outfitter or cowboy.   The stories jump all over the map along the Continental Divide of the United States.  One moment you're taken for a morning coyote hunt outside of Jeffrey City, WY and the next plunged into a gathering on the Blackfeet Reservation.<br />The geography he travels is seen through the eyes of the long time residents who are rooted in the land.  Their fortune at the mercy of the natural forces that get bigger, stronger, and more unpredictable the deeper you go into the terrain.  The natural forces of weather and wildlife are but one part of the picture that Clifford paints.  What makes this book unique is the author's ability to put each story in a larger context.<br />For the Western United States that larger context is... change.  Sensing this change, Clifford takes us to meet people that are fighting to hold-on to a uniquely Western life-style.  A life-style as honest and straightforward as the writing in this book.
Clifford is a journalist and it shines through in this book.  His observations are clear and unbiased.  In fact, there are few stories where he's not riding a horse, sitting in a pick-up truck or walking with an outfitter or cowboy.   The stories jump all over the map along the Continental Divide of the United States.  One moment you're taken for a morning coyote hunt outside of Jeffrey City, WY and the next plunged into a gathering on the Blackfeet Reservation.<br />The geography he travels is seen through the eyes of the long time residents who are rooted in the land.  Their fortune at the mercy of the natural forces that get bigger, stronger, and more unpredictable the deeper you go into the terrain.  The natural forces of weather and wildlife are but one part of the picture that Clifford paints.  What makes this book unique is the author's ability to put each story in a larger context.<br />For the Western United States that larger context is... change.  Sensing this change, Clifford takes us to meet people that are fighting to hold-on to a uniquely Western life-style.  A life-style as honest and straightforward as the writing in this book.
Clifford is a journalist and it shines through in this book.  His observations are clear and unbiased.  In fact, there are few stories where he's not riding a horse, sitting in a pick-up truck or walking with an outfitter or cowboy.   The stories jump all over the map along the Continental Divide of the United States.  One moment you're taken for a morning coyote hunt outside of Jeffrey City, WY and the next plunged into a gathering on the Blackfeet Reservation.<br />The geography he travels is seen through the eyes of the long time residents who are rooted in the land.  Their fortune at the mercy of the natural forces that get bigger, stronger, and more unpredictable the deeper you go into the terrain.  The natural forces of weather and wildlife are but one part of the picture that Clifford paints.  What makes this book unique is the author's ability to put each story in a larger context.<br />For the Western United States that larger context is... change.  Sensing this change, Clifford takes us to meet people that are fighting to hold-on to a uniquely Western life-style.  A life-style as honest and straightforward as the writing in this book.
Clifford is a journalist and it shines through in this book.  His observations are clear and unbiased.  In fact, there are few stories where he's not riding a horse, sitting in a pick-up truck or walking with an outfitter or cowboy.  The stories jump all over the map along the Continental Divide of the United States.  One moment you're taken for a morning coyote hunt outside of Jeffrey City, WY and the next plunged into a gathering on the Blackfeet Reservation.<br />The geography he travels is seen through the eyes of the long time residents who are rooted in the land.  Their fortune at the mercy of the natural forces that get bigger, stronger, and more unpredictable the deeper you go into the terrain.  The natural forces of weather and wildlife are but one part of the picture that Clifford paints.  What makes this book unique is the author's ability to put each story in a larger context.<br />For the Western United States that larger context is... change.  Sensing this change, Clifford takes us to meet people that are fighting to hold-on to a uniquely Western life-style.  A life-style as honest and straightforward as the writing in this book.
Clifford is a journalist and it shines through in this book.  His observations are clear and unbiased.  In fact, there are few stories where he's not riding a horse, sitting in a pick-up truck or walking with an outfitter or cowboy.   The stories jump all over the map along the Continental Divide of the United States.  One moment you're taken for a morning coyote hunt outside of Jeffrey City, WY and the next plunged into a gathering on the Blackfeet Reservation.<br />The geography he travels is seen through the eyes of the long time residents who are rooted in the land.  Their fortune at the mercy of the natural forces that get bigger, stronger, and more unpredictable the deeper you go into the terrain.  The natural forces of weather and wildlife are but one part of the picture that Clifford paints.  What makes this book unique is the author's ability to put each story in a larger context.<br />For the Western United States that larger context is... change.  Sensing this change, Clifford takes us to meet people that are fighting to hold-on to a uniquely Western life-style.  A life-style as honest and straightforward as the writing in this book.
Clifford is a journalist and it shines through in this book.  His observations are clear and unbiased.  In fact, there are few stories where he's not riding a horse, sitting in a pick-up truck or walking with an outfitter or cowboy.   The stories jump all over the map along the Continental Divide of the United States.  One moment you're taken for a morning coyote hunt outside of Jeffrey City, WY and the next plunged into a gathering on the Blackfeet Reservation.<br />The geography he travels is seen through the eyes of the long time residents who are rooted in the land.  Their fortune at the mercy of the natural forces that get bigger, stronger, and more unpredictable the deeper you go into the terrain.  The natural forces of weather and wildlife are but one part of the picture that Clifford paints.  What makes this book unique is the author's ability to put each story in a larger context.<br />For the Western United States that larger context is... change.  Sensing this change, Clifford takes us to meet people that are fighting to hold-on to a uniquely Western life-style.  A life-style as honest and straightforward as the writing in this book.
Clifford is a journalist and it shines through in this book.  His observations are clear and unbiased.  In fact, there are few stories where he's not riding a horse, sitting in a pick-up truck or walking with an outfitter or cowboy.   The stories jump all over the map along the Continental Divide of the United States.  One moment you're taken for a morning coyote hunt outside of Jeffrey City, WY and the next plunged into a gathering on the Blackfeet Reservation.<br />The geography he travels is seen through the eyes of the long time residents who are rooted in the land.  Their fortune at the mercy of the natural forces that get bigger, stronger, and more unpredictable the deeper you go into the terrain.  The natural forces of weather and wildlife are but one part of the picture that Clifford paints.  What makes this book unique is the author's ability to put each story in a larger context.<br />For the Western United States that larger context is... change.  Sensing this change, Clifford takes us to meet people that are fighting to hold-on to a uniquely Western life-style.  A life-style as honest and straightforward as the writing in this book.
Longevity Revolution examines a rare and powerful social change soon to be making its way into the American culture.  The graying of America's baby boomers will put the country's senior population on par with each of the younger population sizes.  Well founded or not, younger generations fear the future where they must carry the financial burden of senior entitlement programs.  Rather than paint aging boomers with that unkind brush, Longevity Revolution sees them as a national asset.<br />Throughout most of the book, the author displays great faith that the boomer generation will make more enlightened life choices (e.g., playing less golf, and spending more time volunteering for social justice).  Along that line, he believes that the older and wiser boomer will sacrifice much of their material comforts to find fulfillment in non-material ways.  As a consequent, this large senior demographic will use much less of the world's resources, and will send a message to our youth to \\"walk lightly\\" on the planet.<br />Whether or not you share the same faith in a kinder and gentler baby boomer generation, the book presents a number of reasonable scenarios that could play out in the coming decades (e.g., terrific advances in medicine giving boomers much more productive golden years).  After reading Longevity Revolution I was left with the impression that boomers will become far less demanding and materialistic in old age, and somehow more interested in the well being of others, the future of our planet, etc.  I'm hopeful, but wonder if you can teach \\"an old dog a new trick.\\"
This book takes a hard look at how life on earth came to be.  Rather than buy into the idea that somehow life evolved via the \\"blind watchmaker\\" scenario (i.e., similar to the argument that an army of monkeys sitting at typewriters would eventually compose a great novel),  Stuart Kauffman builds a terrific case that the ingredients essential to life are bound to the rules that govern complex adaptive systems.  And the very presence of these rules send a strong signal that \\"we the living\\", are \\"we the intended.\\"<br />The author's conviction to both his argument and the science of complex systems is evident throughout the book.  If you are coming to this book without much background in complex adaptive systems, you will not be short-changed here.  In fact, Kauffman provides extremely rich examples with numerous simple diagrams to educate the reader as he builds his case.  Considering the book was published some 7 years ago, I was surprised to see the concept of gene networks given so much attention in the text.  Seeing how the latest trend in genomics research is looking at genes and proteins as a regulatory network and attempting to identify specific disease pathways, the science in this book is extremely relevant.
Reading Edward Wilson's \\"The Future of Life\\" served as the spark to pick up and read this book.  And its true, good things do come in small packages.  The book is all of 140 pages, and is written in a lean, but not glossed-over style.  Robert Lovelock (to my knowledge) is the contemporary father of the study of the earth as a complete living system.<br />Lovelock readily admits that the book serves more to promote the dialog about our planet as a living, breathing whole and to share key discoveries that support his concept.  (He states in the Preface that his follow-on book, \\"The Ages of Gaia\\" aims to build the scientific argument to the Gaia theory.)<br /><br />By no means, does Lovelock detour around the science that supports his case.  With the scope of the topic requiring knowledge of both physical and biological science, and the small number of pages, he manages to instruct and create a sense of awe in a short amount of time.<br />The 3 major principles he brings to light about Gaia are:<br />1. Gaia exhibits a tendency to keep conditions (e.g., temperature, air quality) constant for all terrestrial life.<br />2. Like other living systems, Gaia has vital organs at the core, and expandable or redundant ones on the periphery.<br />3. Under the worse conditions, Gaia responses similar to other cybernetic systems (i.e., where time constant and loop gain are important)<br />The material is far reaching in both its scope and in shaping our understanding of where we stand.  Put in the context of Gaia, we have straddled ourselves to the largest of all known living and breathing creatures.
I found myself enjoying this book after punching through the initial chapters that served as the science primer for defining DNA.  The author gets credit for laying out the biological concepts that the reader will need to know to understand the material that comes later (e.g., genetic engineering).  Assuming you have no prior background, you'll need to learn these concepts before you can follow the various applications of genetic engineering she goes into.  The writing style is lean, but doesn't gloss over the complexity of the subject.<br />The book shines in its treatment of genetic engineering and biotechnology.  And unlike a number of more recent books doesn't get fixated on the human genome project or sequencing in general.  Actually, even with the book being several years old, I found many of the topics covered to be of interest even to date.  Examples include a discussion of the \\"selfish gene\\"  (proposed by Richard Dawkins), the theory of endosymbiosis pioneered by Lynn Margulis, the \\"ice-minus\\" bacteria used to keep strawberries from frost damage, and the genetically engineered \\"flavor-saver\\" tomato.<br />The applications of genetic engineering described in the book are definitely relevant and important (e.g., cloning, drug discovery, plant science, and environmental cleanup).  And to the author's credit, she doesn't appear to take too strong a position on either side of the biotechnology ethic's debate.
The Great Thirst is as long and detailed as the subject matter it tackles, a complete history of Californians and water.  The revised edition came out in 2001 and addresses the recent developments in the Bay-Delta program (formally know as CALFED) and important water policy changes at Mono Lake and in the Owens Valley.  The book consists of 8 chapters covering the early, pre-European settlement, the role water development played in the growth of Los Angeles and San Francisco, the development of large state and inter-state water projects, the recent changes in water policy brought on largely by shortages, and environment concerns, and the author's summary.<br />To give you a feel for the detailed scope of the work, the author includes over 100 pages of notes to supplement the text, and a bibliography of nearly the same length!  I have yet to find anything the matches The Great Thirst in its unbiased depiction of the complex history, water policies, competing interests, and future challenges that have and will come to shape California.<br />The author, an American History professor at UCLA, presents the reader with the single most important fact facing California,  \\"Californian's are currently using more water than well be available on a long-term basis.  The deficit is 1.6 million acre-feet annually, which can rise to more than 5.1 million acre-feet during drought years...\\" The public appetite for new water development has come to a halt given the high cost to state budgets and more importantly the surrounding landscape.  But the growth of development and population continues marching on, leaving you to wonder how the final chapter of this important story will be written.
The publishing industry continues to fuel the growth of popular science with titles like Emergence.  I'm all for the growth of science titles, but the price comes at the increase in the number of watered-down, easy-to-digest material you'll find in bookstores.  With the explosion in books written on the topic of complex adaptive systems, I found it difficult to choose a single book in the category.  With little restraint, I dove in.<br />Emergence is a light, easy read devoted to describing systems that demonstrate adaptive behavior.  The author sends significant time on contemporary systems such as the news media, the worldwide web, and large urban areas.  On more than one occasion, the author appears to be reaching to make a conclusion.  It's difficult to say whether he hadn't done the research or wanted the reader to draw his/her own conclusion.<br />Nonetheless, Steven Johnson paints an abstract picture of systems that demonstrate a larger, collective set of smarts.  Like most abstract art, some people will be inspired and others won't.  I found the writing and subject matter interesting enough to keep my curiosity fueled to pick up another book on complex systems.  If you approach Emergence with a mind-set of getting more art than science, you're less likely to be let down.
Reclaiming the Native Home of Hope delivers a top-notch set of essays and case studies on western ecosystems, species re-introduction, land management, and conservation.  The majority of the setting is focused on the Utah wilderness with other stories spiraling out to the Great Basin and Colorado Plateau areas.<br />The essays challenge the traditional thinking about the best uses for these remote and relatively unpopulated areas (e.g., mining and ranching) and bring the natural qualities to the top of the list.  The book's arguments to preserve ecosystems of the west are balanced with constructive thoughts on ways to preserve jobs and private land.<br />Stephen Trimble sums up the motivation for spending time in open, natural spaces in an essay called &quot;Letting Go of the Rim.&quot;  The kind of story that would have left Wallace Stegner smiling.
I've used the guide to help plan three birding trips so far and found it to be an asset in preparing for the trip (e.g., understanding the location, what species to expect, and best time to go).  Upon arrival at the site, I found myself using a field guide like  NGS's Field Guide to Birds of North America almost exclusively to help sight and identify the birds.<br />Birding Northern California is not suitable as a true field guide since it lacks detailed graphics or photos of the close to 600 species that can be found here.  While using the book, I also found the book to be \\"too wordy\\" to use as a reference.  For instance, to find the best location in Northern California to view a Ross's Goose in December, you would need to browse a good chunk of the book before finding a spot (and it might not be the best location).  Later I discovered handy reference information in the very back of the text (e.g., Chapter 7 provides a breakdown of \\"specialty birds\\" throughout the area with their respective ranges mapped for winter and summer).  FYI - the Ross's Goose is included in Chapter 7 with the key sites.  The last chapter of the book provides a complete listing, including specialty and more common birds, with a geographic region and month of the year to look for the bird.<br />Given the room for improvement in the book's organization, I would encourage the publisher/author to produce a 2nd edition.  The ideal improvement would be to include a CDROM that structures the information by bird species (hey, a photo would be nice), the locations where the bird can be found with a relative ranking, the time of year (again with some form of ranking).  Including a CD would also allow the reader to search over the information by species or location.
With a blend of lightweight prose, interesting statistics, and the ability to draw important conclusions from our current state of technology and science, Juan Enriquez delivers a book that you'll read in one sitting.  As part of a team of scientists and software engineers that is building a genomic knowledge base, I completely agree that the unraveling of DNA sequences and the functions that each of the genes and proteins are coded for will forever change our future.<br />The author illustrates key changes in human history as being brought on by the introduction of a new language and makes the point the digital technology is really the language of zeros and ones and that our life sciences will be written in a language of 4 characters.<br />I was happy to see the author tackle the social impacts brought on by the rapid march of technology.  He's keenly aware of the digital divide in the standard of living between countries that are harnessing and growing their technology skills and those that are not.  The point is clearly hammered home when you see the large gap in the number of patents issues by a country like Mexico versus the United States.  The situation is not being helped by many of the brightest minds leaving their lesser-developed homelands for greater financial rewards in the United States.  The book offers up some obvious solutions for addressing the global divide in technology, but not at length.  In all, the book serves as an excellent appetizer for getting a taste of our future direction.
I decided to purchase this book after reading one of Richard Louv's columns in the San Diego Union-Tribune.  His column presented a fresh and thought provoking take on urban grow.  I ultimately found the same level of thoughtfulness in Fly-Fishing for Sharks.  His writing is first-class and his style is personal but not over-powering.  What's most obvious thoughout the book is his fondness for all things angling.  The book manages to cover a range of topics that are as varied as the places he visits.  You'll find yourself on an adventure in the remote inland areas of Baja California one moment, and at a fly tackle trade-show in Denver the next.<br />The single knock I would give the book is the focus given to the \\"fishing industry\\" and not the average angler.  The book isn't so much about the average American who you'll find fishing their weekends away as it is about the well-known personalities who have shaped fishing and promoted the sport.
Al Gedicks' The New Resource Wars is an insightful read on the new threats facing Native lands.  Gedick delivers extensive research as well as first-hand accounts from the battles with multinational corporations to prevent them from plundering the homes and land where indigenous peoples have settled.  The only criticism I would level on the book is the way it's organized.<br />What I valued the most from reading this book, is when these resource wars were analyzed in a broader light (putting on the old wide angle lens).  The wide-angle views really struck a cord and provided the motive and reason why more and more of these resource wars are breaking out all over the world.  In a nutshell, the lands indigenous people have settled or in the case of North America been given by treaty hold some of the largest remaining mineral deposits.<br />Using case studies such as the Chippewa's battle with Exxon, the book makes a strong argue that environmentalists and indigenous people want the same outcome.  This outcome simply being the preservation of natural resources.  An alliance, however, doesn't come without some baggage.  With Gedick's personal involvement in alliances between environmental and indigenous groups, he spells out the ups and downs of the relationship.<br />At the end of the day, its clear that combining the legal, political, and research activities of both groups is essential to gaining the high-ground over giant energy corporations that are fixed on exploiting our natural world in exchange for a one time monetary profit.
My Story as Told by Water covers a varied terrain ranging from environmental activism to the virtues of fly-fishing without a hired guide.  The book is really a collection of essays (many published in other books and periodicals) about rivers in the Northwestern United States.  Duncan shares much of his early life growing up in neighborhoods just beyond the growing tentacles of Portland, Oregon.  He writes openly about this family, including his bitter confrontation over the war in Vietnam with his dad, and the loss of his brother.  Given such a backdrop, it's easy to understand how Duncan turned to the solitude of fishing local streams to deal with the pain of his youth.<br />Later in the book, Duncan finds his stride writing about the not-so-bright outlook facing wild salmon along the Columbia and Snake Rivers.  You can almost feel the tears welling up in his eyes as he describes their near exit from his world.  He sums up the disaster of the salmon run on the Snake River this way: \\"The babble of `salmon management' rhetoric has taken a river of prayful human yearning, diverted it into a thousand word-filled ditches, and run it over alkali.  When migratory creatures are prevented from migrating, they are no longer migratory creatures: they're kidnap victims.  The name of the living vessel in which wild salmon evolved and still thrive is not `fish bypass system,' `smolt-deflecting diversionary strobe light,' or `barge.' It is River.\\"<br />Duncan opens his heart to the connections he has to rivers and wild fish.  But more importantly, he gives us inspiration for making our own connections to those wild places.
Peter Matthiessen's Indian Country serves as the postscript to Dee Brown's Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee.  The threats to Native American societies detailed in this book are less bloody and horrific, but just as real as those perpetrated by the U.S. military.  Yes, manifest destiny lives on in the halls of the U.S. government in the early 21st century, but with agencies like the BIA and the Department of Interior doing the nasty work.<br />Along with all the hard-hitting research that Matthiessen brings to his writing, he's also at home with the natural history of Indian lands.  He is subtle in the way he takes you with him on a walk through a working village or a ride to Black Mesa to get a truckload of household coal.  Matthiessen spends time among the people living on the reservations, observing the slow encroachment of capitalism into their traditional ways of farming and trade, and ultimately seeing tribes divided into progressive and traditional factions.<br />Matthiessen is guided by the self-described, \\"half-baked detribalized Mohawk...,\\" Craig Carpenter.  Carpenter serves in many instances as the ambassador between Matthiessen and the locals on the reservations.  And because of Carpenter's national reputation many doors that are generally closed to white writers are opened for Matthiessen.<br />Indian Country covers some dozen or so reservations in the United States.  The sad revelation when you read through this book is every one of those reservations is confronted with a serious threat to the land they call home and a way of life they have know since being put on this earth.
Not until after I finished Egans Lasso the Wind did I realize how fast the book went.  Egan is the rare writer who can easily combine a meaningful and entertaining story.  OK then a well-written story explains why the book went fast.  Or maybe the fast pace is due the fact that Egan covers some 11 western states in the span of 250 pages.  The books tempo seems to come from someone who lives in New York, New York.  I wonder if Egan has been making too many trips to The New York Times corporate office to pitch stories to his editor.  Its probably not a coincidence that the author takes advantage of the no speed limits to rocket through a stretch of Montana, only to get the attention of a state trooper.  Driving habits aside, Egan manages to get in touch with the heart of issues that are unique to the Western states.  I enjoyed really getting to see these special places through his eyes.  Throughout the book, Egan sees the West with a candid and objective eye, but always remains hopeful.  An excerpt from the end of the book on California really depicts Egans thinking of the West:<br />But every Westerner should look at Californias story; as it turns out, it is their own history and the fount of most of their follies, a mirror across the Sierra.  Radically altering the land, living on phony myths, ignoring the best features or trying to kill them.  And it is Western glory in its own fine way: a new society, with a tolerance of fledgling souls, embracing the possible.  What is different is that California has done it all faster, with more excess and greater consequence than any other Western state.  To believe California is dead, then, is to believe that the West is dead, or soon will be. I cannot.
This books gives an extremely lucid account of the United States V. Wen Ho Lee.  I appreciated the book at several levels.  Given the spotty coverage in the national media as the case and trial unfolded, the book paints a complete picture of the historic event.  The veteran reports, Dan Stober and Ian Hoffman, deliver an unbiased account of all the key events and players.  To a large degree, the reporters allow you to form your own opinion on Wen Ho Lee's motivations.  Not until the final Epilogue does the book explore the possible motivations for why Mr. Lee placed moved numerous files onto an unclassified network and even went to the trouble of creating a huge tape library of the programs and data used for modeling nuclear explosions.  (Mr. Lee eventually pleaded guilty to violating security laws regarding the treatment of these files. And to date, the federal government has been unable to trace and locate several of the tapes he created as \\"backup.\\")
Granted Daid Thomson provides an entertaining read with &quot;In Nevada&quot; but I share some of the other reviewers' distastes.  For instance, a couple of chapters (e.g., &quot;Frankly and &quot;In the Cards&quot;) felt completely out of place and off topic.  One about Frank Sinatra and the other about a bridge tournament.  Instead of Frank and bridge tournaments, how about covering the raging battles over land use and the constant clashes between Nevada's cattle ranchers and the U.S. Government?  The author does a respectable job of stirring clear of most of the cliches that surround Nevada, but unfortunately not all.<br />The first half of the book is loaded with interesting and useful history like the finding of Spirit Cave Man.  However, I got the feeling the author is fixated on moving the story's focus to Las Vegas.  Like a first time tourist, he gave into the lure of the city's neon lights.
Its been over ten years since I read Desert Solitaire and I've combed through a couple of his works looking for another collection of stories that hit me with the same \\"between-the-eyes\\" impact as Desert Solitaire.  Well, I found it with Journey Home.  To me Edward Abbey represents the second coming of John Westly Powell.  He, like Major Powell, foresaw the westward expansion of the U.S. and in the case of the desert southwest instinctively knew that water would be the limiting factor.  It's important to remember that Abbey saw the huge growth up tick coming some 25 years ago.  And places like Phoenix, and Vegas have exploded in size ever since.  Abbey puts it all in focus with \\"The BLOB Comes to Arizona.\\"  \\"Telluride Blues - A Hatchet Job\\" is another case in point.  But for pure fun, nothing tops Abbey's \\"premarital honeymoon\\" adventure in \\"Disorder and Early Sorrow.\\"  If you're a fan of Abbey and you buy the book for that story alone, you won't be disappointed.
This book accompanied me over the Christmas holiday, and proved to be an excellent read.  The author's passion for flyfishing is evident thoughout the text.  Flyfishing, however, is not the only dimension to this book.  Michael Checchio also has a keen sense of place, and shares interesting bits of history, people he meets, and natural settings he visited during his flyfishing junket through the Western United States.  It reads similar to a travel journal, so it will appeal to readers who want to know more about the western states.<br />And of course, its biggest appeal will be to those of us with a passion for flyfishing.  To that extent, the book can even serve as basic guidebook to fishing places such as Yellowstone, Henry's Fork, and steelhead waters in Northern California and Oregon.  Aftering reading the book, you'll understand why the author quit his well-paid job in New Jersy and moved west.
Yes, &quot;Living in the Runaway Mountain Time Zone&quot; would be a much better suited title for this book.  Apparently the editors of HCN were playing hooky when U.S. geography was being taught in their rural schools.  The last time I checked &quot;those wine drinking, cheese-eating&quot; Californians watched the sun sink into the Pacific Ocean long after the rest of the country.  But as a large part of the West, both geographically and politically, California is a no-show in the &quot;Runaway West.&quot;<br />Otherwise, if you can fight through the tired sterotypes that are littered throughout most of the writings, then you might be rewarded.
The author manages to guide the reader though a conflicting set of water resource issues on the most legally confusing of all landscapes... the Wind River Reservation. Lined up across the court-room aisle sit the anglo farmers who tap the river for irrigation and the native residents wanting to restore the &quot;in-stream flows&quot; to support the trout fishery.  Its a conflict the author uses to drive the story forward, but is only a single thread of a much richer story.  The author interleaves the battle over water rights with the history of both the Shoshone and Arapaho and the opening of land within the reservation for white settlers.  The author's love of the Wind River Reservation is evident in his first hand accounts describing the area's geography and natural history.  This book succeeds by tying together the story's long and interconnected threads into a comprehensive picture of water politics.
Do not let the subtite, \\"How the Digital Revolution is Reshaping the American Landscape\\" suck you into reading this book. I would expect the Digital Revolution would at least mention the rise in the numbers of people who are working from home (aka telecommuters). Go to the book's index, and surprise, no entry for \\"telecommute(r).\\"<br />Rather than make forecasts for the how the digital revolution is reshaping U.S. geography, the author can only muster brief descriptions of present day impacts. Actually, the author burns considerable pages taking us back in time to explain past demographic changes (e.g., discussing Etruscan and Greek influences on the Roman empire). When the book manages to crank up to the present day, the next paragraph dives back to the safetly of re-capping past trends. As an example, the author addresses the growing concentration of the book and magazine publishing industry in New York in one paragraph. Rather than move the discussion to how the distribution of written material using technologies like the Internet and digital formats like PDF might impact this industry and consequently the related geography for this industry, the author falls back on the safety of history. \\"The predominant role has its root in history. ... Writing of the ancient Mesopotamian civilization, Lewis Mumford notes...\\"<br />Joel Kotkin's work is more one of explaining the impact of where the growing numbers of \\"knowledge workers\\" want to hang their hats. From what I can conclude, those cities that have remodeled warehouses with high-ceilings, open floor-plans, and large windows will grab the lion's share of the new soliders in the digital army. Sounds like what happened to the \\"South of Market\\" area in San Francisco. Wonder if the author has visited there since the dot com implosion? Can you say \\"Pets dot com?\\" They and several other digital ventures had closed their doors and laid-off thousands of employees. Their office space is available cheap. I think its going for less than $3 a sqare foot.r less than $3 a sqare foot.
One of the best introductions to social, economic and environmental trends taking place in the Western United States.  The graphs and photos highlight the new trends from water usage to ethic population patterns.  The 7  chapters and two essays provide telling examples of how communtities are  adapting to the changes (or not adapting in some cases).  The work is  footnoted to provide jumping off points for more research.  Also, I found  the quotes that are placed throughout the margins of the text to be  extremely insightful.<br />The book shines at showing how the West is moving  away from a culture of exploiting natural resources for basic industry and  instead exploiting the natural beauty to draw ever increasing numbers of  residents and visitors.
