I have dozens of AT books in my library and none comes close to this marvelous read by \\"Indiana Jean\\" Deeds. So many other thru hiker books are whiny, complaining, negative and have a desperate tone to them. Jean was an upbeat, likeable, witty and eternally optimistic hiker and her writing skills are refreshing. The book reads as if she is sitting in your living room, talking about the journey in a conversational tone.<br /><br />Jean paints a fascinating portrait of the other hikers she encounters on the trail and a hilarious group they are. There's even a group of 3 men who carry an inflatable goat with them and call themselves \\"The Goatherders.\\" Jean is also greatly fortunate to have such a dedicated network of friends who meet her on the trail, write her letters and drive from Indiana to the east coast just to keep a bridge date. She also has a 100-year-old penpal whom she has never met but writes her faithfully every month. Sadly, this lady passed away shortly after Jean completes her thru hike.<br /><br />In addition, she includes a fascinating Appendix which updates you on what her companions did after life on the trail.<br /><br />If you are an AT enthusiast, an armchair hiker, or even an avowed coach potato, it matters little because everyone will love this book. I've read it twice in short succession and can say without hesitation: this is the best book about hiking you will ever read!
I enjoy most books about thru hiking the Appalchian Trail and this was no exception. It held my interest enough to read it through on a six-hour airplane trip without once putting it down. It is better written than many other trail tales and one grows to like the author. However, there is a major problem with Hall's narrative: she can't stick to the subject. This is the reason the book somewhat misses the mark.<br /><br />When I purchase a hiking book, particularly one about a six-month AT trek, I expect to read about just this: the hiking. Hall commits the egregious sin of weaving in and out of the narrative long-winded treatises on environmental issues. While I agree completely with her liberal philosophy on the environment, I don't want the look littered with this every few pages. It breaks up the rhythm and becomes increasingly frustrating. In one paragraph she'll be describing the verdant forests of New Hampshire and in the next she'll be off on a diatribe against Ronald Reagan. I can only shudder at what Hall would think of the environmental Neaderthal, George W. Bush, but he hadn't entered office yet when this book was penned. One fervently wishes he had never entered office at all...<br /><br />Adrienne would have been successful had she followed Sergeant Joe Friday's advice and offered \\"just the facts, Ma'am.\\" Tell the reader about the rigors of trail life, lack of food and sleep, trail angels and bugs. Save the (valuable) environmental advice for another book, or at the very least keep in for an appendix at the conclusion of the book.<br /><br />Another criticism I have is the constant gushing over fiancee, Craig. She doesn't say whether she ever married this man or not, but the over-the-top mooning over him grated on the nerves. He seemed like a loveable teddy bear of a guy, but enough is enough. Other reviewers have begrudged her supposed \\"whining,\\" but I didn't notice much of that. If you want to read whining taken to a high art in AT literature, check out Blaney and Ullyart's book \\"A Journey of Friendship\\" for the most nauseating, childish complaining known to mortal man. Much of Hall's displeasure could easily have been avoided had she not made the inexplicable decision to begin hiking from Springer Mtn. in early February!! What was she thinking?<br /><br />I recommend Hall's book, but be forwarned about its tendency to meander and not stick to the subject at hand. Aside from these few criticisms, the book belongs on the shelf of any real or vicarious AT enthusiast.out Blaney and Ullyart's book \\"A Journey of Friendship\\" for the most nauseating, childish complaining known to mortal man. Much of Hall's displeasure could easily have been avoided had she not made the inexplicable decision to begin hiking from Springer Mtn. in early February!! What was she thinking?<br /><br />I recommend Hall's book, but be forwarned about its tendency to meander and not stick to the subject at hand. Aside from these few criticisms, the book belongs on the shelf of any real or vicarious AT enthusiast.
From the title of the book, one would expect intimate (i.e., sexual) tid-bits to be explored in this book. Forget it, Georgia Hale was almost without doubt Chaplin's mistress for several years but this prudish, virginal woman inexplicably chose to present herself as a chaste, untouched maiden, all the while living in Charlie's Summit Drive estate in Hollywood. Georgia Hale was Charlie's co-star in his immortal 1925 film \\"The Gold Rush;\\" she was discovered by Chaplin and she owned her entire career to him. She also fell madly in love with him but claims that she held off sleeping with him because of his (miserably unhappy) second marriage to Lita Grey. Her morality supposedly prevented her from taking the plunge with the Little Tramp. Yeah, right.<br /><br />Georgia writes poorly, wanders all over the place in her style and tells the reader very little about Charlie besides the fact he was moody, brilliant, beautiful, sexy, maddening and immature. Oh yes, let's toss in genius to the mix, but we already knew all of that. Hale was in a unique position of revealing much about Charlie during a pivotal period in his life; she was undeniably close to him and he trusted her and treated her better than he treated many of his other paramours. But she muddies the water with an insipid and irritating style and the absolute crusher is the final chapter. It's an idiotic dream sequence which goes on forever and is both banal and bizarre.<br /><br />The most interesting story in the entire book is when she briefly reunites with Charlie at the Beverly Hills Hotel in 1972. Oona leaves the room and Chaplin asks her, \\"Have you ever married?\\" Even after 40 years, Georgia is still hopelessly besotted with Charlie and breathlessly intones, \\"After you, Charlie, no man could compare.\\" Naturally Chaplin adores this line and showers her with kisses. One senses this was Georgia Hale's greatest moment since Charlie threw her over in the early 30's.<br /><br />In short, a poorly written book, a tome of missed opportunities. Oh, what could have been!tome of missed opportunities. Oh, what could have been!
...and that's saying plenty. Lita Grey Chaplin had at least a hand in producing two books on her brief two-year marriage to Charlie Chaplin. The first book, published in 1966, was ghostwritten, but was much more interesting than this boring, plodding effort. If you're looking for lurid sexual escapades and revelations, opt for the 1966 offering, for there is nothing interesting contained in this book. In fact, the majority of the book is taken up with the complete divorce complaint of the Chaplins from 1927, which makes for stilted, uninspired reading. The photographic section is similarly flat and uninspired. The only thing worth reading in the entire book is the introduction written by Sydney Chaplin, Lita and Charlie's second born son.<br /><br />One other reason for investigating the book is that it shows the unflattering side of Charlie, one which Chaplin addicts (like me) try to avoid confronting. Chaplin was a man of extreme moods and he could be enormously seductive, charming and adorable one minute, and a crude, insensitive cad the next moment. In fairness, Lita trapped Charlie into marriage when she got pregnant at the age of 16. Chaplin was interested in a torrid affair and not a permanent relationship; he demanded she get an abortion, she refused, and he was stuck in a loveless marriage. The whole arrangement was screwy from the get go, but Charlie's notorious aversion to contraceptives again did him in. Chaplin comes off very badly throughout the narrative and Lita even claims she never even loved him. Again, ths is in direct contrast to her 1966 book which shows her to have been a nymphmaniac/besotted Chaplin chick all the way.<br /><br />I'd recommend this only to people who have a mania to read everything ever printed on Charlie; for casual fans, there's no necessity to bother over this tepid trifle.
This book is an absurd joke. It consists of ill-conceievd psychological blather about Hitler and the errors litter every page. More absurd is the collection of ink-blot photos that the author claims Hitler made in the Berlin Bunker. Never mind that no such ink blots were made, with this book the edict is, &quot;when it doubt, invent.&quot; The entire chapter on Hitler's relationship with his niece, Geli, is predictably infantile and heavily derivative of Freud. Miss Klein twists everything around to fit her theories, which have utterly no basis in fact. The entire slim volume is baseless, errant nonsense from beginning to end. You might want to peruse it for a laugh, but as serious history? Perish the thought!
I've long enjoyed Jeff Galloway's articles in &quot;Runners World&quot; and his other running books. This one ranks up there with the best guides on ho w to train for a marathon. It's not preachy or sanctimonious and it offers some sensible tips on how to get yourself in shape to run 26.2 miles. The book is dated, and if you do much of your training on a treadmill, you're out of luck. The book was written before treadmills became a practical way to train indoors in your own home. Aside from this &quot;defect,&quot; the rest of the book is excellent. Whether you're an avowed coach potato, or someone who runs 10 miles a week, the book will get you to the starting line and, hopefully, get you to finish your first race.<br />Running is a joyous activity and one which brings many individual rewards. Finishing your first marathon is one of life's great memories and hopefully, there will be many more for you to savor as you gain experience and fitness. If you're a serious, addicted runner who has never run a marathon, you'll love this book, but the beginners will reap the greatest rewards. It's well-written, fun to read and instructive. Highly recommended.
This is a welcome book for Macca fans everywhere. Though there is absolutely nothing new for people who have long followed Paul's career, for newbies this would be a veritable treasure trove. Paul speaks candidly about John, the Beatles break-up, his marriage with Linda, the infighting among various members of Wings (especially Denny Laine), and his musical legacy. There's nothing about Linda's struggle with breast cancer, her death, or the appearence of Heather Mills. So don't expect any information on Macca's life post-1998.<br />All of this has been discussed ad nauseum by Paul in previous interviews dating back many years. But there are snippets that are marvelous. I especially like his description of he and John slagging off school and assembling in Paul's upstairs bedroom at 20 Forthlin Road to write songs. What wouldn't you give to have been on a fly on the wall in that room?<br />The photos are nicely done with some rare and intriguing shots. Not many color shots and the photos from the Beatles years are a little weak. Still, if you love Paul, this is a &quot;must have&quot; for your collection.
I was expecting a thorough examination of the love affair between FDR and Lucy Mercer. The affair has been common knowledge for forty years and it's always touched upon in Roosevelt biographies and documentaries. But this book is a rather crushing disappointment, padded with much unnecessary and repetitive information. Most of the book consists of boring material relating directly to Lucy's life as Mrs. Rutherford in the 20's and 30's. Personally, I was expecting more details on FDR's affair with her throughout WWI, Eleanor's discovery of her love letters in Franklin's suitcase, and then the hysterical control-monster, Sarah Delano Roosevelt, demanding Franklin dump Lucy or risk losing his inheritance. Now that is the stuff of legend!<br /><br />Instead we get a dreary narrative with no new information. The book picks up a bit when Lucy re-enters Roosevelt's life in the 30's and spends considerable time with his in the closing years of his life. Most of their meetings took place in Warm Springs, Georgia, and also in the White House. FDR's daughter, Anna, was the one who invited Lucy to the Executive Mansion while Eleanor was away on one of many tours during the war. It's mindful to recall a remark from Alive Roosevelt Longworth in this context: \\"Franklin deserves a good time. He was married to Eleanor!\\"<br /><br />If you know little about the mechanics of the Lucy-Franklin alliance, this is a well-written and entertaining book. But if you know more about the pair, it wouldn't be particularly revealing. The characterization of Eleanor is especially weak. While I'm not advocating adultery, let's face facts: Eleanor was frigid, disinterested in sex and in the 30's took up close \\"friendships\\" with people like Lorena Hickock (who makes Yogi Berra look gorgeous in comparison). I really can't blame a man as charming and handsome as Franklin Roosevelt pursuing sex outside of marriage. His choice may not have been the \\"moral\\"  one (whatever that means), but it was the only logical thing to do under the circumstances.<br /><br />To sum up, if you're an FDR newbie, this would be nice. If you're not, forget it.ogical thing to do under the circumstances.<br /><br />To sum up, if you're an FDR newbie, this would be nice. If you're not, forget it.
I'm not quite sure why anyone would think to republish this book from 1879, which was not well-received back then and not much read in the intervening 125 years. The market for books on Grant's world travels would appear to be slim, yet several books of that genre have recently been published anew. This is an oddity which I cannot explain. In any event, the Headley book is reasonably accurate, though written in the ploding, irritating style that was so prevalent in that age. Headley did not know Grant, nor did he accompany him on his world journey. He basically cobbled together various newspaper articles relating to the trip and then fashioned them together into this book. There is nothing new here and this would be recommended only for those obsessed with Ulysses Grant and who don't have access to the original version.
I am not a fan of audio books, in fact, this is the first book I have ever listened to on tape. I always dismissed these &quot;book tapes&quot; as something designed for the lazy and illiterate crowd. Boy, was I wrong! This is a great audio book of one of the great books written by an American. The narrator is especially good, with a nice baritone voice. It's almost as if Grant is sitting in your living room, narrating his life story to you.<br />General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was a highly intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
This was one of my favorite books when I was 15 years old. I read it several times and carried it with me around the dreary halls of the oppresive, boring land called High School. Even as a kid I sensed Fitzgerald's amazing writing gift: his effortless way of painting a visual picture in the mind of the reader. He was always extremely funny, off-beat and his charactizations are usually on the mark. Though Amory Blaine's psyche wanders a trifle after the first hundred pages, it's impossible not to gravitate towards him, the things he says and the stunts he pulls.<br />After 25 years I picked up the book again recently. Dusting off my old copy, I re-read the pages that had so captivated me as a teenager. Time dulls many things and people change. But I still love the book and think it's a brilliant first novel. Though it's sappy in spots and it definitely lags at the end, Fitzgerald still had a beautiful ability to harness the emotions of the reader into a world now vanished. It's not his most complete or mature work by a wide margin, but it matters not. This is still a great book, especially for young people or those still a kid at heart.
This book made a big splash when it was published, there were oodles of headlines screaming, &quot;Richard Burton was a pedophile!&quot; Ah hem... not quite. The only portions worth reading here are the Burton ones, the rest of the tome is one rather large snooze fest. Kingsland lived a teenage life to die for: as a 14 year old school girl in London, she meets Richard Burton, then 29 and starring in various Shakespearean productions at the Old Vic. Not surprisingly, she was instantly attracted to Burton (what female between the ages of 9 and 90 wouldn't be?), and told him she was 17.<br />Then their affair began. It was long afterwards that Kingsland admitted to Richard that she was actually only 14 years of age, but Burton didn't seem to care, and continued making love to the girl for several more months. He finally dumps her, as he dumped all his mistresses of that era: Jean Simmons, Claire Bloom and Susan Strasberg, to name a few of his thousands of conquests. Kingsland writes well and her chapters on Burton are engrossing, to say the least. Richard comes off as a drunken but charming cad, and his lovemaking prowess seems to have been rather limited: a slam, bam, thank you, ma'am sort of guy. But when you look like that, who is going to complain? There are some problems with dates, the author puts Burton in London when he wasn't there, and he was certainly not playing Hamlet at the Vic in 1954!<br />I can think of worse things than to be deflowered by Richard Burton, even if he should have done the proper thing and waited until this girl was out of school. If you're into Burton, this will do you nicely.
Ulysses Grant has been the subject of many plays in the past hundred years and two of them have actually been quite good: \\"Mr. Grant\\" by Arthur Goodrich and \\"Triumph\\" by Horace Green. In 2002, a new Grant play hit NYC and I can only thank God I never suffered through a performance. For anyone who admires General Grant, this play is an abomination, a hideous malady which bears no resemblance to the actual man, U.S. Grant. Saying that this stains his reputation is sort of like saying that in Hiroshima on August 6, 1945, a small firecracker exploded.<br />Indeed, Guare's characterization of the General seems to have been made up out of while cloth. Grant is scarcely in the play, but when he appears in a wheelchair (which he never used), he spends his entire time ranting and railing. Repeatedly the character of Grant utters no dialogue, the stage directions merely say, \\"USG: rants,\\" or, \\"USG: rails.\\" Guare has Grant doing things he never did: cursing, heaping baseless ridicule his son, U.S. Grant, Jr., and carrying on in a drug-induced stupor throughout two hellishly miserable acts. The Grant in this play is drunk, drug-addicted and a babbling moron.<br />The historical \\"facts\\" in the play are laughable. The Grants are presented as so destitute they can't afford to purchase ice cream. Someone should have informed Mr. Guare that ice cream wasn't sold in pints in 1885, that refrigerators weren't yet invented and Grant never ate ice cream anyway. The Grant depicted here also tells people he was drunk at Cold Harbor, another blasphemous invention.<br />The errors in the book appear predictably throughout the play: Grant never used cannabis; he never courted his wife in Galena, Illinois; Julia Grant never called her husband \\"Lyssy;\\" (!), his daughter did not have a British accent; he never ate \\"calf's foot jelly\\" (God forbid that dish being conjured); Mark Twain never threatened to murder Grant's aide, Badeau; the sculptor Karl Gerhardt never suggested sculpting the General in the nude,  and Grant's man servant was never a soldier at Cold Harbor. Perhaps a little birdie should have whispered in Guare's ear that black soldiers hadn't been integrated into the Army of the Potomac in 1864, but why bother with accuracy?<br />An unintentionally lucid moment occurs in the Preface, where the author candidly admits, \\"I don't work off research\\" (page ix). Gee, lucid people figured that out already on page one.<br />The real Ulysses Grant is a truly great story: he was a military genius but he was also a man of rare moral fiber, courage, decency and gentleness. The real story of Grant is something so much greater than this tripe that comparisons are futile. If you admire Grant, do yourself the ultimate favor and avoid this nauseating character assassination.in the nude,  and Grant's man servant was never a soldier at Cold Harbor. Perhaps a little birdie should have whispered in Guare's ear that black soldiers hadn't been integrated into the Army of the Potomac in 1864, but why bother with accuracy?<br />An unintentionally lucid moment occurs in the Preface, where the author candidly admits, \\"I don't work off research\\" (page ix). Gee, lucid people figured that out already on page one.<br />The real Ulysses Grant is a truly great story: he was a military genius but he was also a man of rare moral fiber, courage, decency and gentleness. The real story of Grant is something so much greater than this tripe that comparisons are futile. If you admire Grant, do yourself the ultimate favor and avoid this nauseating character assassination.
Manchester began this examination of the flamboyant MacArthur with the intent to write a critical biography. Yet he became so enamored with his subject that the book turned into an extremely pro-MacArthur book, nearly devoid of criticism. Yet his gifts as a writer/researcher are so pronounced that the reader overlooks this problem. Manchester is in the same league with the brilliant David McCullough, and both historians are able to hold a reader's interest through 800 pages.<br /><br /> Manchester's infatuation with MacArthur is evident is his unwillingness to criticize Mac for any military decision. Why is no blame attached to MacArthur leaving his planes on the Manila airstrip in December, 1941? What about his gross insubordination towards his Commander in Chief, Harry Truman, throughout the Korean War? Though Manchester examines these issues in depth, he fails to throw much blame on MacArthur, who remains resplendent, fascinating and brilliant throughout.<br /><br /> A particular strength of the book is the examinations of the private relationships in MacArthur's life. Manchester explains in depth Mac's two marriages, the suffocating love he displayed towards son Arthur, and his competitive relationship with Ike, &quot;the best clerk I ever had.&quot;<br /><br /> This is the standard MacArthur biography and by a wide margin the most readable. Opt for this over the more recent MacArthur biography by Geoffrey Perret, which is almost comically awful. This book is highly recommended.
This is a well-written and entertaining acocunt of the relationship between Mark Twain and General Ulysses Grant. For people who know little about the subject, this might be an intriguing and interesting read. However, if you've studied this subject it will offer nothing new and quite possibly irritate you to the point of distraction.<br />Twain and Grant's friendship has always intrigued people who are interested in these two icons. They possessed very different backgrounds and personalities, but their relationship caught fire in the last year of Grant's life, and remains an intriguing subject. It's interesting that an irreverent genius like Twain got along so well with the self-contained and shy Grant. The alliance between the extroverted author and the modest General defies logic, but miraculously, it worked. Grant relied on Twain to publish his memoirs in 1885, allowing him to keep a large percentage of the profits, and Twain enjoyed a personal intimacy with the Civil War's biggest draw. The author attempts to reveal the relationship between the two men but his efforts are wide of the mark. Actually Twain and Grant's friendship was substantial and surprisingly human, but the book fails in conveying this feeling to the reader.<br />Perry attempts to sort out the lives of USG and Clemens; he succeeds on some levels, but struggles in others. Twain's rapier-like wit and restless excitability are present, but not in sufficient quantity. Twain also takes a back seat to Grant, who dominates most of the book which actually amounts to a description of the General's last year. Previous authors have done a much better job with this subject, notably Horace Green, Tom Pitkin and Richard Goldhurst. Undoubtedly the human story of Grant writing his book ranks with some of the great American stories, but it's all conveyed here in a seemingly pedestrian fashion, there's no urgency or much depth displayed.<br />Perry doesn't succeed in fleshing out the personalities of the men themselves. As any student of them knows, they were totally unlike in temperament, background and personality. Whereas Twain was an exuberant extrovert, Grant was taciturn, self-contained and a man of few words. The fact they were opposites is an intriguing area for study, but the case just isn't made here.<br />Their early lives are given rather flat treatments, and there's  nothing new. The book improves as Twain becomes better friends with USG during the last five years of the General's life. The heart of the story is Grant's heroic race with death in order to complete his book and Twain's role as his publisher.<br />A big problem is that Perry gives opinions which are not only inaccurate, but they're annoying. Repeatedly he offers views which simply aren't supported by scholarship or eyewitness reports. Another area that needs improvement is the realm of personal relationships. Both men were intensely affectionate, devoted fathers who adored their children. You'll find little of this in the book. The author is especially weak in revealing much about Twain's wife, Livy, who remains an almost non-existent presence.<br />The author improves with his portrait of Julia Grant, the General's wife, and correctly emphasizes Grant's emotional dependence upon her and their extremely happy marriage. However, he commits a huge mistake when he describes Julia's treatment of her husband as he lay dying as alternating between &quot;a hovering and suffocating concern and distant emotional rejection&quot; None of the many eyewitnesses during the USG's last months ever described his wife as distant or rejecting. Again, the offering of personal opinions creates minefields throughout the pages.<br />The errors in the book are numerous. Julia Grant did not die in 1904, Georgetown is not in Kentucky. Grant and  Vanderbilt never appeared in court together, Grant's wife never read aloud to her husband because she suffered from a slightly crossed eye. Men who were enemies of Grant are described as &quot;close friends.&quot; These are a small fraction of the mistakes whose weight becomes oppressive. A decent editor and better research could have prevented most of these blunders.<br />Ultimately this is a book of missed opportunities and the credibility of the narrative is compromised by its many errors. Though it's well-written, there's absolutely nothing ground-breaking or new. I wanted so much to enjoy the book but I did not. Though I would recommend it to people who are new to the subject, for anyone with a solid background in either man, it's all old hat.ibed as &quot;close friends.&quot; These are a small fraction of the mistakes whose weight becomes oppressive. A decent editor and better research could have prevented most of these blunders.<br />Ultimately this is a book of missed opportunities and the credibility of the narrative is compromised by its many errors. Though it's well-written, there's absolutely nothing ground-breaking or new. I wanted so much to enjoy the book but I did not. Though I would recommend it to people who are new to the subject, for anyone with a solid background in either man, it's all old hat.
There have been some terrible books written about General Grant. I have several hundred of these turkey's in my personal library. But after reading this abysmal tripe, I have to award this tome the dubious award of \\"all-time worst Grant book.\\" This bizarre honor has serious competition, but there is no doubt Victoria Sauers takes the cake as the worst \\"writer\\" (in heavy quotations) to ever tackle this subject.<br /><br /> Where to begin? Sauers apparently has no clue who Grant was, or what his personality was truly like. The real Grant was a remarkably decent, loving husband: monogamous, faithful, devoted and affectionate. He was an equally loving father to his four children. There is no one who ever accused him of cheating or having one-night stands. Does Sauers care about the real Grant? Hell no! She makes up a fictional Grant that is one of the most disgusting characters ever devised, a character bearing no resemblance to the real man at all. What gives with this author?<br /><br /> Sauers concocts a bisexual Grant who rapes his boy servant and who goes on to bed various officers wives. It was difficult to actually finish this vile piece of trash, but I forced myself to due to curiosity to see just how bad it could get. The verdict: extremely bad.<br /><br /> I was also sick and tired of the religious quality of the book and the fundamentalist Christian ideology espoused in the book. Grant didn't care about religion, but Miss Sauers is obsessed with God, the 10 Commandments and anything else of a religious bent.<br /><br /> A previous reviewer mentions that Sauers portrays Grant as \\"sex addicted,\\" and this is too true in this hideously warped narrative. In all probability, Grant *was* sex addicted, but he restricted his amorous attentions to Julia, his wife. Had Sauers written a novel about Grant's real private life and had she bothered to get the facts straight, then this novel would have probably been a delightful read. As it is, this one belongs in the bottom of the nearest ash can. This is truly an abysmal book, character assassination at its most disgraceful. If General Grant were alive today and was confronted with this book, I would pray an ambulance would be nearby. He would need it because a quick perusal would have caused the dear man a cardiac arrest.of the nearest ash can. This is truly an abysmal book, character assassination at its most disgraceful. If General Grant were alive today and was confronted with this book, I would pray an ambulance would be nearby. He would need it because a quick perusal would have caused the dear man a cardiac arrest.
I'm not much of a fan of historical fiction, but for some strange reason, Ulysses Grant has become the poster boy of this genre in the past decade. Robert Skimin's novel is quite a good fictional treatment of Grant, though there are some serious weaknesses. The most glaring problem is that he has limited ability to write believable dialogue, and this is a dialogue-heavy book. There seems to have been no attempt to take the reader back to the 19th century and most of the words sound like they came out the mouths of the Brady Bunch. When Ulysses Grant starts sounding like Sam the butcher (Alice the Brady maid's boyfriend,) it's time to put it to bed.<br />It's almost certain that in the aftermath of \\"zestful and wild lovemaking\\" (Skimin's description), Grant's wife did not say, \\"Ulys, do you think me and the kids could hang around awhile?\\" Ah hem... you get my drift about the dialogue sounding corny and overly modern. This is a serious weakness. Another oddity is that Skimin places way too much emphasis on Grant's drinking. The author himself has had an alcohol problem in the past (as he freely admits), as well as a bout with throat cancer, another similarity he shares with his subject. Did Grant drink too much on occasion? Certainly, but the focus on the booze here gets a little much. It's also described in detail which becomes physically nauseating.<br />The book gets worse as it goes along. The best portions are Grant's courtship and the early years of his marriage. The Civil War sections are average, and the conclusion is nothing special. Inexplicably, Skimin has Grant going on a bender in 1884, something that I guarantee you did not happen. But, alas, this is fiction.<br />There are several very good descriptions of Grant with his wife; the author really understands this intense relationship. I especially like the scene from 1849 where Julia announced to her husband that she is pregnant. This is the most believable scene in the entire book! I'd love to give a better review of the book, because I like Skimin and some elements of his style, but the dialogue sinks this one. Still, if you're into Grant, you'd enjoy reading it.ter review of the book, because I like Skimin and some elements of his style, but the dialogue sinks this one. Still, if you're into Grant, you'd enjoy reading it.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was a highly intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only \\"criticism\\" the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, \\"cut to the chase.\\"<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
If you're the type of person that enjoys viewing American icons clad in their underwear, then this is your baby. General Grant is shown basically unclad and then the nimble-fingered among you can dress him in uniform, black suit or even tails. Fred Astaire would be so jealous!<br />Grant's family is also shown, as well as his much-hated son-in-law, Algie, his crabby father-in-law, Colonel Dent, and his mismatched parents, with whom Grant had strained, weird relationship. All of the dolls strongly resemble the actual people and this is a marked strength in the booklet. The clothes are also accurate and appealing. The front and back covers of the book contain a fairly accurate representation of Grant's life, with the fanciful inclusion that Gen. and Mrs. Grant actually had five children, one of whom was lost in infancy. This \\"lost child\\" has no pedigree and no mention is made of this mysterious babe in any of the existing Grant literature.<br />If you're a fan of Grant or a fan of paper dolls in general, this is a fine (and fun) book.
This is a gem of a book for anyone with an interest in Richard Burton, Elizabeth Taylor or American theatre in the 60's. Burton played Hamlet in Canada and at the Lunt-Fontaine theatre in NYC in 1964. It was like Beatlemania with Liz and Richard walking to their waiting limo after each performance. Those were the days of Liz and Dick hysteria! This film was thought to be lost, but was thankfully unearthed in a loft at Burton's Celigny, Switzerland home. It's impossible to give this book 5 stars only because author Sterne focuses a trifle too much on Gielgud and Hume Cronyn. But when he turns his attention to Burton and Taylor, watch out! There is some wonderfully revealing anecdotes about them both, still in the honeymoon stage of their marriage.<br />The material on Burton is fabulous. He brought an earthy, reckless, sexy quality to the brooding Hamlet and he was phenomenal in the role. He absolutely owned the stage with this performance, completely eclipsing the supporting cast, with the exception of Hume Cronyn. The modern-day street clothes were not a distraction and Burton looked magnificent in his dark blue turtleneck sweater. Sterne focuses several chapters on the Welsh genius and includes some stories I've never seen anywhere else.<br />Despite the uneven writing quality, this is still worth owning if you are a fan of Burton or Shakespeare. This is the most masculine and dynamic performance of Hamlet of the past 40 years and this book explains how the performance evolved and was realized on the stage.
I've admired Fitzgerald all my life and regard his work as singularly underrated as time goes on. He was a brilliant and witty writer who could turn a phrase as well as any American author of the 20th century. This biography is the best I've ever read on Fitzgerald. It's particularly strong in the depiction of his gaudy, booze-soaked life with Zelda, especially when they were ex-pats living in France. Bruccoli really draws the reader in with deft descriptions of their marital rows, woes, break-ups and innumerable reconcilations. I was happy to see that their daughter, Scottie, was also illuminated so brilliantly.<br />The material on Sheila Graham, Scott's lover in Hollywood, was also intriguing. Graham's own book about Scott is a great read, but the author brings out elements to the story which Graham omitted. I was genuinely sad when Scott dies and the narrative concludes. The debauchery, booze and high times of the Flapper era are all here. This is a highly recommended, beautifully tribute to one of the great writers of the past 100 years.
Bonekemper follows in the shoes of JFC Fuller and T. Harry Williams who long ago argued that Ulysses Grant was the preeminent soldier of the Civil War. For nearly 100 years, the rise of the Lost Cause mentality has obscured Grant's true brilliance as a general and his great rival, Lee, has been elevated to near demi-God status. Bonekemper dispenses with such nonsense and shows, point by point, how Grant won the Civil War. He did so because he was a military genius and possessed rare gifts of stubbornness, intelligence, daring, patience and sheer nerve. The fans of Robert E. Lee will be reaching for their smelling salts when they pick up this tome!<br />The book is not heavy on statistics or details and those who dislike plodding military narratives will still find something to like here. Bonekemper's &quot;Appendix I&quot; is especially interesting, particularly for those who are familiar with Grant literature from the past. It's interesting to read his opinions on some of the recent spate of Grant biographers. Equally impressive is Bonekemper's list of Grant's &quot;Attributes&quot; which he lists in descending order. Among these are modesty, the dis-inclination to constantly demand reinforcements (which is what contributed to McClellan's downfall), and a stubborn tenacity. Bonekemper brilliantly refutes the tired old adage that Grant was a butcher who was injudicious with the lives of his men. Borrowing stats from McWhiney and Fuller, he clearly demonstrates that General Lee lost far more men in proportion than did Grant.<br />My only criticism is that Bonekemper inexplicably describes Grant as &quot;an alcoholic.&quot; He should have known better, because it's simply untrue. Grant drank and imbibed too much early in his army career, almost always when separated from his much-adored wife. He also got drunk on occasion in the ACW, but it didn't interfere with his service career and was borne out of a need to be with Julia. No serious historian of the past 50 years has described Grant as an alcoholic and it's disappointing that Bonekemper follows suit. This is an odd inclusion, particularly when he states that &quot;alcoholism made him a better general.&quot; This is a theory borrowed from McPherson and should have been omitted.<br />Aside from this small lapse, the remainder of the book is a grand exercise in proving what Grant students have long known: this man was one awesome soldier! Kudos to Bonekemper from proving this point so thoroughly.has described Grant as an alcoholic and it's disappointing that Bonekemper follows suit. This is an odd inclusion, particularly when he states that &quot;alcoholism made him a better general.&quot; This is a theory borrowed from McPherson and should have been omitted.<br />Aside from this small lapse, the remainder of the book is a grand exercise in proving what Grant students have long known: this man was one awesome soldier! Kudos to Bonekemper from proving this point so thoroughly.
If you're interested in Adolf Hitler's life in Obersalzberg, dating from 1923, then this is an interesting, though short, book about this topic. Hitler first visited the Obersalzberg in 1923, and returned there after his release from Landsberg prison in 1925. He rented a place and then finally purchased Haus Wachenfeld, which in 1936 he converted into the opulent Berghof. This book details Hitler's life in the mountains, and correctly points out that he never lived in Berchtesgaden (usually associated with him), and in fact, scarcely ever set foot in the town after 1933.<br />There is interesting ancillary material about Albert Speer's atelier on the mountain, as well as the Bormann house, the Haus Platterhof and other Nazi-era buildings. Though this is a highly specialized book, it's well-written and nicely presented.
There are a few books with better rare Lennon photos, but ths is still an excellent effort and a worthy purchase for die hard Beatles fans. So many Beatles-related books trot out the same photos, again and again. You all know the ones I'm talking about. But this book is decidedly and refreshingly different. I have many Lennon biographies in my library and this book contains many previously unpublished photos of John, especially ones from his childhood and in the period 1975-1980. The paper quality in the book is exceptional and is thick, glossy material which results in a stunning display of black and white vibrancy. The text is incidental but adds flavor and gives you the year each photo was taken.<br />The photos of the Beatles are a little weaker, and contain many previously known shots. But the individual pictures of John are outstanding. Consider the beautiful profile view on the cover of the book, taken in 1967. This is just a sampling of what this treasure trove has to offer. There are many other such nuggets within the covers. Any serious fan of John Lennon will adore this book and get many hours of pleasure perusing these photos of a great cultural and musical icon. John himself would scoff at such a description, but it's oh so true.
So many Beatles-related books trot out the same photos, again and again. You all know the ones I'm talking about. But this book is decidedly and refreshingly different. I have many Lennon biographies in my library and this book contains many previously unpublished photos of John, especially ones from his childhood and in the period 1975-1980. The paper quality in the book is exceptional and is thick, glossy material which results in a stunning display of black and white vibrancy. The text is incidental but adds flavor and gives you the year each photo was taken.<br />The photos of the Beatles are a little weaker, and contain many previously known shots. But the individual pictures of John are outstanding. Consider the beautiful profile view on the cover of the book, taken in 1967. This is just a sampling of what this treasure trove has to offer. There are many other such nuggets within the covers. Any serious fan of John Lennon will adore this book and get many hours of pleasure perusing these photos of a great cultural and musical icon. John himself would scoff at such a description, but it's oh so true.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I've done the entire 180 miles of the trails described here, and this is an absolutely essential book if you're planning this backpack adventure. The scenery is as gorgeous as anything on the John Muir Trail and there are less crowds and more sublime solitude. Winnet takes you through the journey step by step and provides you with necessary info: where is the nearest water source? Is the source dependable even in drought years? Is the area known for active and intrusive bears into your campsites to raid your food supply? How are the mosquitoes on this lef of the trip, and so on.<br />I encourage all serious California hikers to undertake this magnificent journey and to read this book before attempting the trek. It's well written, informative, includes fine maps and many useful tips. Highly recommended.
Readers expecting a plethora of new information on Hitler will be sorely disappointed. Von Below is a pedantic, careful and very dry reteller of history and his memoirs seem contrived in points and highly self-serving. Many reviews point out that von Below never heard Hitler mention the Jews or the death camps, but this is quite believable. Hitler compartmentalized all personal relationships and why would he mention these any atrocities to his Luftwaffe adjutant?<br />Von Below doesn't really tell us anything new about Hitler, and his personal anecdotes are tragically few. He comes up with some pithy observations on Goering and Goebbels, but it's frustrating that he doesn't elaborate more on Hitler, his entourage, or the inner workings at the Berghof, the Chancellory or in various wartime HQ's.<br />The book's main flaw is that it ends almost mid-word and mid-sentence. There is no explanation of what happened to von Below after the war, he simply stops the narrative and packs up shop. Very curious indeed. Another weakness is that von Below was never close to Hitler, nor part of his intimate personal entourage. His transactions with Hitler were generally of a military, not personal, nature, but don't expect many fireworks in this dry tome.
This is a small paperback book published in 1977 to coincide with the release of Joachim Fest's film, 'Hitler Eine Karriere' (Hitler, a Career). The film was a huge blockbuster upon its release and the book was a bestseller as well. If you enjoy the movie, then the book is a natural progression, as it shows still photos taken from the motion picture itself. There is limited text, but a number of rare views of Hitler, uncommon even today.<br />Amazingly, this film remains the best documentary ever made on Hitler and that is a sorry indictment, considering the fact 27 years have elapsed since its release. The book is highly recommended, even if you don't read German. Since it consists mostly of photos, you'll be fine.
These books have become something of collectors items, though their appeal is highly limited. The title is also misleading, because there is only one album here, one wonders they claim there are &quot;albums,&quot; where the plural form is incorrect. In any event, the book consists of photos of Mussolini's 1938 to Berlin to visit Hitler. There are approximately 110 different pictures here, most of them not especially interesting or rare. They were all taken by Hitler's personal photographer, Heinrich Hoffman and are of high quality, but not especially appealing pictures in any sense of the word. Many show Mussolini gesticulating at the podium while the Fuehrer glowers and looks menazing in the rear.<br />If you are a collector of Hitler books or photographs, the book would be a welcome addition, if not, I'd pass this up.
In the 1970's, at the height of the Hitler boom, Glenn Infield had a cottage industry. He produced numerous books on Hitler and Eva Braun, made a ton of money and then thankfully, disappeared from the face of the earth. I say &quot;thankfully&quot; because Infield never was bothered to get his facts straight. He was (in)famous for making up interviews with long-lost Hitler associates, and even inventing people if it suited him. He even claimed to have interviewed Unity Mitford in 1976; the only problem was that she had been dead for 35 years. Oh well, Infield never was one to allow the facts to get in the way of telling a juicy story.<br />So the text is inaccurate, shoddy and unintentionally funny. He claims Hitler necked on the sofa with a British woman at Bayreuth in 1935, never mind that the woman herself later admitted she'd never even met the Fuehrer or Glenn Infield, for that matter, who claimed to have interviewed her. I could go on and on, but let's just say the book is mostly fiction. The photographs, however, are exceptional. There are actually some rare gems in here, though, as usual, Infiel misidentifies dozens of them. There are at least twenty photos of Gretl Braun (Eva's sister), that are identified as Eva. Infield even has a photo of Max Amann that he says is Heinrich Himmler. Sigh.<br />To sum up, if you want some unusual and rare photos of Hitler and Eva, there are in the book. Forget the accuracy of the words, however.
In the 1970's, at the height of the Hitler boom, Glenn Infield had a cottage industry. He produced numerous books on Hitler and Eva Braun, made a ton of money and then thankfully, disappeared from the face of the earth. I say &quot;thankfully&quot; because Infield never was bothered to get his facts straight. He was (in)famous for making up interviews with long-lost Hitler associates, and even inventing people if it suited him. He even claimed to have interviewed Unity Mitford in 1976; the only problem was that she had been dead for 35 years. Oh well, Infield never was one to allow the facts to get in the way of telling a juicy story.<br />So the text is inaccurate, shoddy and unintentionally funny. He claims Hitler necked on the sofa with a British woman at Bayreuth in 1935, never mind that the woman herself later admitted she'd never even met the Fuehrer or Glenn Infield, for that matter, who claimed to have interviewed her. I could go on and on, but let's just say the book is mostly fiction. The photographs, however, are exceptional. There are actually some rare gems in here, though, as usual, Infiel misidentifies dozens of them. There are at least twenty photos of Gretl Braun (Eva's sister), that are identified as Eva. Infield even has a photo of Max Amann that he says is Heinrich Himmler. Sigh.<br />To sum up, if you want some unusual and rare photos of Hitler and Eva, there are in the book. Forget the accuracy of the words, however.
Henny Hoffman von Schirach knew Hitler intimately for all of her life. Her father was Hitler's personal photographer and she first met the Fuehrer as a small girl. As she grew and matured, Hitler became infatuated with her and when she was 17, he asked her to kiss him. She refused and he stood there, embarrassed and, for oncem speechless. Henny knew Geli Raubal, Hitler's half niece and mistress, very well and she writes about her with perception and wit. She also was close friends with Eva Braun and includes several stories not found in any other book.<br />This is primary source material at its apex. The book has never been translated into English and it's a shame. For all of you who read German and have an interest in the early days of the Nazi party, this is an essential read.
I had the opportunity of corresponding and meeting John Toland when I was a teenager and he was a remarkable man and a great writer. This is by far the best and most readable biography ever written on Hitler. Toland eschews, thankfully, the ridiculous psycho-babble which ruins many other major Hitler biographies.<br />Toland interviewed over 300 people close to Hitler: Tradul Junge, his secretary, Max Wunsche and Richard Schultze, his adjutants, Eva Braun's best friend and many others. He went to the source and his oral interviews constitute a tremendous historical resource.<br />Toland shows that Hitler was sexually normal, which is important since Hitler's supposed &quot;deviant sexuality&quot; is the lynchpin of many inferior books.<br />If you are to read one book about Adolf Hitler, make it this one. Nothing better has come down the pike in the 25 years since this books publication. For anyone interested in the history of the 20th century and World War II, this is a must read.
Heinrich Heim was a young German officer who knew stenography and took down Hitler's Table Talk for a period of four years during World War II. This book was first published in 1951 and has enjoyed many reprints in the intervening years. This edition has some revealing footnotes which leads the reader to other sources.<br />Though Hitler is invariably portrayed as a raving madman in American &quot;docudramas,&quot; he could also be a thoroughly charming and intensely charismatic private companion in his off hours. A man capable of seducing 65 million Germans and of his monumental crimes, had to possess an elemental force both inexplicable and fascinating. This book provides some clues to Hitler's personality, though in fairness, his mesmerizing mystique had been dulled by drugs and megalomania by 1941. He was surrounded by sycophants, but there were some perceptive and intelligent people in his milieu, most notably Joseph Goebbels. Hitler's secretaries were also articulate and intelligent ladies. However, his chauffeurs and other aides, such as Linge and Schaub, were hardly junior Einstein's.<br />Hitler's monologues are faithfully presented here and he emerges as a genius in certain areas (his knowledge of architecture and art was encyclopedic), and as a sexist boor in other realms. His believed himself to be omniscient and believed further that he was a messiah selected by Providence to save the German nation. Anyone harboring such delusions is bound to sound arrogant and insufferable on occasion.<br />This is a must have book for anyone interested in Hitler, his entourage, or his paralyzing effect upon other people. It's chilling that Hitler casually discussed trivialities while Europe was being torn asunder because of one man's twsited ideology.
The original 1935 edition of this book is something of a collectors piece. This is a reprinted edition. In the 1930's, it was fashionable tp purchase small photos of Hitler attached to cigarette packages in Germany. You would then paste the photos sequentially into an album that included glowing textual references to Hitler and the Third Reich. I own the original version of this 1936 book and this new offering is considerably less powerful than the German version. Still, this is an effective way for people of our era to understand and grasp the enormous importance of propaganda in the Third Reich.<br />Goebbels and Hitler were masterminds of this art and the book personifies their mastery of mass persuasion. In the photographs, Hitler is presented as a &quot;normal guy&quot; in civilian clothes, surrounded by adoring children at his retreat on the Obersalzberg. He is also presented as the omniscienet Fuehrer, presiding over mass rallies in Nuremberg, mesmerizing the audience. The photographs, all by Hitler's official photographer, Heinrich Hoffman, are excellent representations of a nation gone collectively mad, seduced by Hitler's paralyzing charisma.<br />This an essential book for anyone with an interest in how Hitler effectively and brutally utilized propaganda in the 30's.
Christa Schroeder worked for Hitler from 1932 until his death. She was not as close to him as Dara or even Traudl Junge, and her big mouth got her into some trouble sometimes with Hitler. But she knew enough to produce an extremely interested, penetrating look at the inner Hitler. It's too bad that Christa gets so much wrong about Hitler's private life. For some laughably inexplicable reason, she contends Hitler never had sex after 1919 and never even consummated his relationship with long-time mistress Eva Braun. Forgive me while I laugh for the next three days. Why she has this blind spot is unknowable, especially since she wrote differently in the Zoeller 1948 book.<br />Aside from that, the book is riveting. Schroeder dishes dirt on all the major players in Hitler's entourage, with scathing indictments about Goebbels and Himmler, and some praise for Goering and vo Ribbentrop. If you're seriously interested in Hitler, this is required reading.
Photo books on Hitler are a decidedly mixed bag. Either you get a true winner with rare shots, or you get a limping dog entry with the same old photos you've seen five million times. This book is on the high end of that scale. It will help if you read German with this book, but it's not necessary. The bulk of the book consists of photos of Hitler and photocopies of signatures and places related to the Fuehrer. If you're familiar with the thousands of photod from Heinrich Hoffman, then you won't find much new material here, but for a beginner, this is not a bad choice. The German photo books on Hitler are usually superior to the British and American efforts, since they rely on a different photo source than their English-speaking counterparts.<br />This book is especially strong on Hitler's early years, especially the WWI period, 1914-1918. Recommended for those interested in Hitler's career.
I had the opportunity of corresponding and meeting John Toland when I was a teenager and he was a remarkable man and a great writer. This is by far the best and most readable biography ever written on Hitler. Toland eschews, thankfully, the ridiculous psycho-babble which ruins many other major Hitler biographies.<br />Toland interviewed over 300 people close to Hitler: Tradul Junge, his secretary, Max Wunsche and Richard Schultze, his adjutants, Eva Braun's best friend and many others. He went to the source and his oral interviews constitute a tremendous historical resource.<br />Toland shows that Hitler was sexually normal, which is important since Hitler's supposed &quot;deviant sexuality&quot; is the lynchpin of many inferior books.<br />If you are to read one book about Adolf Hitler, make it this one. Nothing better has come down the pike in the 25 years since this books publication. For anyone interested in the history of the 20th century and World War II, this is a must read.
Erich Kempka was Hitler' chauffeur from 1936 until his death. He was never as close to Hitler as were his two previous chauffeurs, Maurice and Schreck, but he still knew the Fuehrer quite well. Unfortunately, this book has very little about Hitler's early days in it. The bulk of the narrative consists of his last days in the Berlin Bunker. The book was also entirely ghostwritten and contains errors both large and small. Kempka claims he carried up Eva Braun's body to burn it, but shortly before his death, he admitted he had not done this at all. Also absent is that Kempka hid from the Russians in Berlin in a brothel for several weeks and escaped their detection.<br />So don't expect true history, but the book is still fascinating nonetheless. Kempka was an eyewitness to the scenes in the bunker and the book contains some interesting and new information on those last months in Berlin.
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler.<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
It's always amazed me that this biography has never gotten greater ink in the United States. Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography ever written about Hitler.<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
The title claims this is &quot;Secret Diary of Hitler's personal physician, Dr. Morell.&quot; However, it's actually just David Irving's book which he published in the late 1970's. The book has definite merit and remains an essential read for anyone with an interest in Hitler's health and addiction to uppers and downers. The book is almost eerily intimate, with some rather gross personal details about Hitler which will make you either want to laugh or turn away, red-faced.<br />The book focuses primarily on the years 1941-44, when Hitler's health deteriorates through a lack of exercise, fresh air and a complete dependence upon Morell's hypodermic needle. Fascinating stuff for the student of Hitler.
Christa Schroeder worked for Hitler from 1932 until his death. She was not as close to him as Dara or even Traudl Junge, and her big mouth got her into some trouble sometimes with Hitler. But she knew enough to produce an extremely interested, penetrating look at the inner Hitler. It's too bad that Christa gets so much wrong about Hitler's private life. For some laughably inexplicable reason, she contends Hitler never had sex after 1919 and never even consummated his relationship with long-time mistress Eva Braun. Forgive me while I laugh for the next three days. Why she has this blind spot is unknowable, especially since she wrote differently in the Zoeller 1948 book.<br />Aside from that, the book is riveting. Schroeder dishes dirt on all the major players in Hitler's entourage, with scathing indictments about Goebbels and Himmler, and some praise for Goering and vo Ribbentrop. If you're seriously interested in Hitler, this is required reading.
Photo books on Hitler are a decidedly mixed bag. Either you get a true winner with rare shots, or you get a limping dog entry with the same old photos you've seen five million times. This book is on the high end of that scale. It will help if you read German with this book, but it's not necessary. The bulk of the book consists of photos of Hitler and photocopies of signatures and places related to the Fuehrer. If you're familiar with the thousands of photod from Heinrich Hoffman, then you won't find much new material here, but for a beginner, this is not a bad choice. The German photo books on Hitler are usually superior to the British and American efforts, since they rely on a different photo source than their English-speaking counterparts.<br />This book is especially strong on Hitler's early years, especially the WWI period, 1914-1918. Recommended for those interested in Hitler's career.
Henry Picker was a young German officer who knew stenography and took down Hitler's Table Talk for a period of four years during World War II. This book was first published in 1951 and has enjoyed many reprints in the intervening years. This edition is expertly translated and has some revealing footnotes which leads the reader to other sources.<br />Though Hitler is invariably portrayed as a raving madman in American &quot;docudramas,&quot; he could also be a thoroughly charming and intensely charismatic private companion in his off hours. A man capable of seducing 65 million Germans and of his monumental crimes, had to possess an elemental force both inexplicable and fascinating. This book provides some clues to Hitler's personality, though in fairness, his mesmerizing mystique had been dulled by drugs and megalomania by 1941. He was surrounded by sycophants, but there were some perceptive and intelligent people in his milieu, most notably Joseph Goebbels. Hitler's secretaries were also articulate and intelligent ladies. However, his chauffeurs and other aides, such as Linge and Schaub, were hardly junior Einstein's.<br />Hitler's monologues are faithfully presented here and he emerges as a genius in certain areas (his knowledge of architecture and art was encyclopedic), and as a sexist boor in other realms. His believed himself to be omniscient and believed further that he was a messiah selected by Providence to save the German nation. Anyone harboring such delusions is bound to sound arrogant and insufferable on occasion.<br />This is a must have book for anyone interested in Hitler, his entourage, or his paralyzing effect upon other people. It's chilling that Hitler casually discussed trivialities while Europe was being torn asunder because of one man's twsited ideology.
I expected this book to be a collection of reproduced newspapers and magazine clippings relating to Hitler from 1923 until he invaded Poland. One would expect this would be the content, considering the title of the book. Well, forget it. It's merely one long, dreary essay on how Hitler was treated in magazines, with some scanty examples thrown in here and there. Zalampas is hardly a Hitler scholar and omits many salient articles on Hitler's early career, especially ones from the &quot;Literary Digest,&quot; the first American magazine to feature Hitler, as early as 1921. I don't really know the point of this exercise, it's not interesting, enlightening, or remotely intriguing.
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler. Though this concentrates solely on Hitler's last days, it is lifted directly from Maser's masterful Hitler biography.<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
This is by far the best work every on Hitler's secruity and the various assassination plots against him. It's especially strong in the early, seminal years of the Nazi party and there are some extremely rare photographs of Hitler in Munich in the mid to late 20's. Hoffman's research is extensive and he unearths material not found in other books. He relies on primary sources for many of his arguments and these interviews enhance an already strong book. If you have an interest in Hitler's incredible knack in evading assassinations, this is the preeminent book on that subject.
This is a &quot;must have&quot; guidebook if you enjoy hiking in Colorado. Each hike is described in some detail with a ranking of how strenuous each trek is considered. The text is concise and to the point, but gives an adequate feel of each hike. There is at least two pages devoted to each journey and the hike descriptions are to the point. Many such descriptions were the sole reason I decided to hike some of these mountains and I was never disappointed.<br />The quality of the book is also to be commended. The paperback binding holds up after major 1,000+ mile car journeys I've made with the book thrown in the back seat. If you buy one guidebook about hiking in Colorado, make it this one. I highly recommend it for the description of each trail and just the overall feel of the book.
The San Juan Skyway is one of the most spectacular drives in the United States, bar none. For years I've been waiting for a comprehensive coffee table book which shows the grandeur of this place. Finally Scott Warren has come to the rescue. The photos are absolutely breathtaking and give you a sense what it's like both to drive the road, and to see it from different perspectives you can't get from a car. If any of you are anywhere near Durango, Colorado, just frives towards Silverton and then on to Ouray, and you'll experience some of the most jaw-dropping scenery left in America. Whether you're an armchair traveler, or the real deal, this book will enchant you.
It will help if you read German with this book, but it's not necessary. The bulk of the book consists of photos of Hitler and photocopies of signatures and places related to the Fuehrer. If you're familiar with the thousands of photod from Heinrich Hoffman, then you won't find much new material here, but for a beginner, this is not a bad choice. The German photo books on Hitler are usually superior to the British and American efforts, since they rely on a different photo source than their English-speaking counterparts.<br />This book is especially strong on Hitler's early years, especially the WWI period, 1914-1918. Recommended for those interested in Hitler's career.
Northern Arizona  has among the best scenery in the world, even if one excludes the magnificent Grand Canyon. The San Francisco peaks and the areas around Flagstaff offer some fabulous hikes. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Grand Canyon, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! This is a well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. even without many accompanying photos. Every hike also has a little descriptive map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the author takes the time to describe each hike in detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. I have not gotten lost yet, though I believe the mileages for some hikes are wrong by as much as half a mile. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 70 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete guide to this region. I enthusiastically recommend it!
If you're looking for a book which focuses on Hitler's private life, forget it, you'll have to look elsewhere. The book is decidedly weak in explaining Hitler as a human being. However, there is strength in the military aspects of the book. Hitler's rational for attacking the Soviet Union and his inexplicable (and stupid! decision to declare on the USA on Dec. 11, 1941, are explored in some detail. Remember, this is a very basic work, intended for beginners or people who have a limited grasp og WWII. If you're a serious scholar of the era, this will not be your cup of tea. But if you're just starting to read about World War II and Hitler, this is not a bad start.
Hitler attached to cigarette packages. You would then paste the photos sequentially into an album that included glowing textual references to Hitler and the Third Reich. I own the original version of this 1936 book and this new offering is considerably less powerful than the German version. Still, this is an effective way for people of our era to understand and grasp the enormous importance of propaganda in the Third Reich.<br />Goebbels and Hitler were masterminds of this art and the book personifies their mastery of mass persuasion. In the photographs, Hitler is presented as a &quot;normal guy&quot; in civilian clothes, surrounded by adoring children at his retreat on the Obersalzberg. He is also presented as the omniscienet Fuehrer, presiding over mass rallies in Nuremberg, mesmerizing the audience. The photographs, all by Hitler's official photographer, Heinrich Hoffman, are excellent representations of a nation gone collectively mad, seduced by Hitler's paralyzing charisma.<br />This an essential book for anyone with an interest in how Hitler effectively and brutally utilized propaganda in the 30's.
This is a &quot;must have&quot; guidebook if you enjoy hiking in Colorado. Each hike is described in some detail with a ranking of how strenuous each trek is considered. The text is concise and to the point, but gives an adequate feel of each hike. There is at least two pages devoted to each journey and the hike descriptions are to the point. Many such descriptions were the sole reason I decided to hike some of these mountains and I was never disappointed.<br />The quality of the book is also to be commended. The paperback binding holds up after major 1,000+ mile car journeys I've made with the book thrown in the back seat. If you buy one guidebook about hiking in Colorado, make it this one. I highly recommend it for the description of each trail and just the overall feel of the book.
The title claims this is &quot;Secret Diary of Hitler's personal physician, Dr. Morell.&quot; However, it's actually just David Irving's book which he published in English in the late 1970's. The book has definite merit and remains an essential read for anyone with an interest in Hitler's health and addiction to uppers and downers. The book is almost eerily intimate, with some rather gross personal details about Hitler which will make you either want to laugh or turn away, red-faced.<br />The book focuses primarily on the years 1941-44, when Hitler's health deteriorates through a lack of exercise, fresh air and a complete dependence upon Morell's hypodermic needle. Fascinating stuff for the student of Hitler.
Photo books on Hitler are a decidedly mixed bag. Either you get a true winner with rare shots, or you get a limping dog entry with the same old photos you've seen five million times. This book is on the high end of that scale. It will help if you read German with this book, but it's not necessary. The bulk of the book consists of photos of Hitler and photocopies of signatures and places related to the Fuehrer. If you're familiar with the thousands of photod from Heinrich Hoffman, then you won't find much new material here, but for a beginner, this is not a bad choice. The German photo books on Hitler are usually superior to the British and American efforts, since they rely on a different photo source than their English-speaking counterparts.<br />This book is especially strong on Hitler's early years, especially the WWI period, 1914-1918. Recommended for those interested in Hitler's career.
There are a number of hiking guides relating to Santa Barbara, but few that delve into the dack country away from the inner city. Finally, Gagnon has produced one of the best guides for those who want a strenuous outing than a mere city walk. It's small enough to carry in your back, but meaty enough to read in your Lazy Boy in front of the fire. I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
I only get to hike in the Trinity alps once a year, usuallyin August, and this is one of my favorite guides. Heck, I even read it in the dead of winter because it's so entertaining and well written. Bernstein has a keen sense of humor and an eye for the ridiculous and you'll find yourself laughing aloud at some of his more pithy commentary. There are a number of hiking guides relating to this region of California, but few that exceed this one in entertainment value alone. It's small enough to carry in your back, but meaty enough to read in your Lazy Boy in front of the fire.<br />I've traveled all over the world and one of the most beautiful natural settings I've seen is the Trinity alps. The mountains, the vegetation, flowers and mild summer climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience! If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed these mountains, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered in the first one-third of the book. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
There are a number of hiking guides relating to Santa Barbara and Raymond Ford has produced one of the best. It's small enough to carry in your back, but meaty enough to read in your Lazy Boy in front of the fire. I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
I'm an experienced hiker and still found the book useful and entertaining. I didn't learn anything new, but I will guarantee you that novice hikers would benefit immensely from this. What is basic common sense to seasoned hikers may not come naturally to those just lacing up their boots for the first time. The book focuses primarily on how to keep your feet in shape during long treks and addresses such things as proper socks, shoes and lcimbing techniques. I wish the author would have addressed cardiovascular fitness more; he does mention the extreme importance of aerobic exercise as preparation, but doesn't stress that facet enough. Anyone who hikes long miles needs to be mentally and physically fit before attempting the undertaking, Plotkin tends to gloss over this and move on to other things.<br />Essentially the book will have limited appeal to those who hike consistently throughout the year. But if you merely dabble in the sport, or have never hiked in your life, I would heartily recommend this book. It's well organzied, well written and will hold your interest.
There are a number of hiking guides relating to Santa Barbara and Raymond Ford has produced one of the best. It's small enough to carry in your back, but meaty enough to read in your Lazy Boy in front of the fire. I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
This is an excellent effort at examining the life of the mellifluous-voiced British actor, James Mason. The book is paced well and there is a fair amount of information on his early personal life, especially regarding his unusual first marriage to the ascerbic Pamela Mason. Diana De Rosso undoubtedly knew Mason very well, which was a difficult thing to do, considering he was a remote and rather shy man.<br />The highlights of the book are the chapters on first wife Pamela. Though Pamela Mason was a loud-mouthed and shrewish adulteress, she was also extremely witty and interesting in her own right. Anyone who recalls her appearences on L.A. TV shows from the 60's and 70's will still chuckle at her endless tirades, usually ending with the predictable sentence, &quot;James was so dull.&quot;<br />This book actually provides convincing evidence that James *was* rather boring. Mason comes off as depressed, rigid, indecisive and inordinately unhappy. at least until he meets Clarissa, his second wife. He makes many poor choices and instead of getting over them and getting on with his life, he broods about the negative consequences of his actions. For example, he moves to Hollywood and instantly detests California and American life, yet he inexplicably continues to live in the States for another 15 years.<br />It is never explained why James stayed with Pamela for so many years, even when he was miserable in her presence and unhappy living in America. When he finally does divorce her, he ends up shilling out millions in alimony and making a succession of wretched movies in order to pay off Pamela.<br />Ultimately, the real tragedy is that a man as intelligent, urbane and handsome as James Mason (not to mention his stupendous voice!) handled his career in such a haphazard way. He was a marvelous screen actor, but wasted his talent in many potboilers. This book doesn't really explain these poor choices and doesn't reveal enough about Mason's inner life, probably because he was so unknowable. The chapters on his waning years and death were excellent, however. Because I love James Mason, I'll give this five stars, my bias showing outrageously.s so unknowable. The chapters on his waning years and death were excellent, however. Because I love James Mason, I'll give this five stars, my bias showing outrageously.
Guido Knopp is quite famous in Germany as a pop biographer and filmmaker on Hitler. His many films on the Fuehrer have some merit, but his abilities as an author are limited, to say the least. This effort is not helped by a poor translation. I've read the book in its original German, and it loses quite a bit in the English version.<br />If you know little about Hitler and women, this might be an enjoyable book, though Knopp (weirdly) focuses mostly on women who had a platonic relationship with him. Eva Braun is the only women profiled who actually consumated her relationship with Hitler. Glaringly absent are a long line of Hitler's lovers: Geli Raubal, Jenny Haug, Suzi Liptauer, Mimi Reiter and others. His chapter on Bayreuth legend Winifred Wagner is the highlight of the book, though he inexplicably doesn't quote from her many, fascinating, interviews about Hitler.<br />The book is a decidedly mixed bag and for people with a serious background on the epoch, it's something of a waste of time.
Heston doesn't write especially well, so expect no fireworks among the pages. However, he has presented an accurate and clinical history of Hitler's health. The most interesting portions relate to Dr. Theo Morell, who became Hitler's personal physician in 1935. Morell was a hygenically-challenged mess whom all in the Hitler inner circle despised. Eva Braun said she would not allow &quot;that pig&quot; to get near her. Still, Morell exerted considerable influence over Hitler, who became physically dependent on the array of drugs Morell injected into him. By 1942, Hitler's physical decline was alarming, and Morell was dousing him with uppers to get up in the morning and downers to allow him sleep.<br />The &quot;raving lunatic&quot; side of Hitler, always depicted in motion pictures, is a myth. He was nothing like the movie Hitlers, as this book eloquently shows. He was, however, hopelessly addicted to amphetimines and barbituates for many years prior to his 1945 death. Though dry reading, it still will hold your interest.
If you're cruising along on the roadway of life and have only a scant hour or so to devote to Hitler, then this is the book to read! Even a slothful and plodding reader can rip through this book in under an hour.<br />There is nothing new or earth-shattering here and any marginal student of Hitler will know everything between the pages of this book already. The photographic selection is also weak, the maps non-existent. However, there is some merit here: the author writes reasonably well and doesn't fall into the insidious &quot;Freudian trap&quot; of putting Hitler on the couch, or believing everything in the OSS reports from World War II. Thus Tames eschews, thankfully, the &quot;carpet chewing&quot; caricature of Hitler and instead relies on a more steady, sober viewpoint: he was a psychopath but appeared amazingly normal to his hapless entourage. He was neither a sexual pervert, a syphillis-infected lunatic or a homosexual voyeur. Actually, Hitler's private life was the most banal and pedestrian thing about him.<br />To sum up, if you're a long-standing student of the Fuehrer, you would know everyting in the book. But for a beginner, this has some limited merit. So speed readers, get on your mark, get so, go!
This book first appeared in 1973 and never achieved wide circulation or got much ink. This is probably because Robert Payne's infantile &quot;Life and Death of Adolf Hitler&quot; appeared the same year and garnered the lion's share of fanfare. This is a pity because Colin Cross produced one of the most readable, accurate and underrated books written about Hitler in the past thirty years.<br />I highly recommend this book to all students of Hitler. Whether you're a neophyte or a seasoned veteran, there is a plethora of interesting, memorable material in the book. I recently re-read it for the first time in 25 years and was amazed at how good the book has remained. Highly recommended!
There is nothing new or earth-shattering here and any marginal student of Hitler will know everything between the pages of this book already. The photographic selection is also weak, the maps non-existent. However, there is some merit here: the author writes reasonably well and doesn't fall into the insidious &quot;Freudian trap&quot; of putting Hitler on the couch, or believing everything in the OSS reports from World War II. Thus Tames eschews, thankfully, the &quot;carpet chewing&quot; caricature of Hitler and instead relies on a more steady, sober viewpoint: he was a psychopath but appeared amazingly normal to his hapless entourage. He was neither a sexual pervert, a syphillis-infected lunatic or a homosexual voyeur. Actually, Hitler's private life was the most banal and pedestrian thing about him.<br />To sum up, if you're a long-standing student of the Fuehrer, you would know everyting in the book. But for a beginner, this has some limited merit.
It's too bad that author Gerald McKnight knows so little about the subject about which he is writing. McKnight belongs to the sorry school which purports to show Hitler as a sexual psychopath. The problem is, the evidence for this was all invented by disgruntled former associates or the American OSS during World War II.<br />If you know little about Hitler and women, this might be an enjoyable book, though McKnight ignores many women who had a physical relationship with Hitler and concentrates those who did not, such as Leni Riefenstahl and Unity Mitford. His chapters about Eva Braun is error-laden and completely obtuse. Glaringly absent are a long line of Hitler's lovers: Ada Klein, Jenny Haug, Suzi Liptauer, Mimi Reiter and others. His chapter on Bayreuth legend Winifred Wagner is the highlight of the book, though he inexplicably doesn't quote from her many, fascinating, interviews about Hitler. He also lapses into infantile paralysis when dealing with Hitler's half-niece and great love, Geli Raubal (no, Himmler did not murder her, as this book ridiculously claims).<br />The book is a decidedly mixed bag and for people with a serious background on the epoch, it's something of a waste of time.
This book by Ronnie Hanna offers a unique perspective on Ulysses S. Grant - a Scottish perspective, to be exact. This slim paperback volume actually has definite merit. The photos are pretty good, the text generally accurate, and the editorial comments from Hanna make for a good read. He admires Grant greatly and brings out facets of his character too often glossed over or overlooked.<br />There is a special chapter on Grant's trip to Scotland in 1878 and Hanna examines Grant's Scottish roots. So there is a quirky, unusual element here, but if you're a fan of General Grant, this book would be a welcome addition to your collection.
This is an underrated little gem of a book, especially for those with an interest in Grant. John Eaton knew USG in 1863 and had the unique ability of writing well about him, illuminating personal features not found elsewhere. My favorite scene is when Eaton hears rumors that Grant is hitting the bottle again. He goes out to Grant's hotel room to check out whether the whispers are true. There he finds Julia, Grant's much-adored wife, applying hot towels to the General's head and fussing over him. Why? Because he was suffering from a migraine, and one brought on by stress, not bourbon.<br />Eaton also includes some interesting commentary on Grant's irascible, unpleasant father. His insights into Grant's psyche make this worth your while. For anyone with an interest in Grant or the Freedmen, this is excellent source material.
When General Grant died in 1885, publishers climbed all over themselves in an effort to churn out as many memorial editions as they could. The market was flooded with books immortalizing the savior of the Union. Benjamin Perley Poore actually knew Grant, though not intimately, but he incorporates his acquaintance with Grant into the book, making it quite valuable. Poore writes, unfortunately, in the rather stilted manner of the late 1800's, and there are large portions of the book which plod along a little limply.<br />However, the sections on Grant's illness and death are highly entertaining, accurate, and contain information not found in other sources. For anyone with a serious interest in Ulysses Grant, this is an essential addition to your collection. It's undoubtedly dated, but the last 100 pages will have you sitting on the edge of your seat.
This book is seriously flawed and a waste of time for serious historians, but yet... it has some interesting moments. The premise behind the book is that the author is able to interview Ulysses S. Grant and ask him whatever he wishes. This is problematic, because Grant certainly would never have answered most of these questions. Many are too personal and even more relate directly to his drinking, a much-exaggerated aspect of his life. Grant would certainly have given the author a pointed look and then walked off, silent as usual.<br />But the Grant in this book is effusive and answers every question. No wonder, without this device, the book would have a crashing bore! So we have a voluble and chatty Ulys giving fake psychological insight into his drinking, his military decisions, his cancer and ultimately, his death. It's facile, inane, but one must admit, reasonably entertaining. Don't expect any real history in here because there is none. It's a fictional treatment of the man, but not entirely without merit. For people willing to buy anything on General Grant, this would be something worth owning.
This is a lengthy book, originally published in two volumes, and little read today. However, if you're interested in Ulysses S. Grant, this book deserves a place on your bookshelf. The material on Grant is absolutely riveting. Wilson knew Grant very well, and in later years, he turned against him in a visceral manner. His hostility was rampant, but he toned down his hatred when writing of Grant for public consumption. Wilson's sarcasm comes out only when he writes of Grant and Grant's chief of staff, John Aaron Rawlins. Wilson inflates Rawlins' wartime contributions to a rather ludicrous degree. and in the process losing considerable credibiity.<br />Wilson writes well and the text is not at all dated. Much of the tome is not especially interesting, but the sections on Grant make the purchase worthwhile. Highly recommended.
This book contains so many little nuggets of information that your head will spin, especially if you have a particular interest in Grant's nuanced relationships with his staff. The chapter on John Rawlins is a nearly definitive examination of this complicated, neurotic nanny-goat, the man who watched over Grant lest he lapse into &quot;intemperance.&quot; Equally fascinating are the chapter on Ben Butler and Baldy Smith, both containing damning indictments on Grant's surrepticious wartime drinking.<br />MacCartney writes very well and his research is diligent and thorough. He admires Grant a great deal, but doesn't make excuses for his sometimes unusual behavior, particularly when it comes to human relationships. An extremely shy, bashful man, Grant found it hard to open up to others or be comfortable in a group. The author understands this facet of Grant's character and writes about it with perception. This is highly recommended for any student of USG.
It's a great pity in Grant scholarship that the author of this book, Lloyd Lewis, died prematurely and was not able to continue his trilogy of Grant. Though the able Bruce Catton continued the project, he was never the writer or researcher that was Lloyd Lewis. This book is a remarkably accurate and clear portrayal of Ulysses Grant as a young man. The book ends on the eve of the Civil War, when Grant was stuck in his father's leather shop, bored and aching for something meaningful to do with his life. At 39, the civil war found Grant (or Grant found the war, take your pick) and history was never the same.<br />Lewis was known for his punctilious and dilligent research and it is a pleasure to read a book devoid of errors and rich in interpretation. He illuminates Grant as he *really* was: a decent, engaging, modest and clear-headed young man, destined for greatness but not quite knowing what to do with his considerable talents. This is one of the most outstanding Grant biographies and a must-read for anyone interested in the life and times of our greatest general.
This book is one of extremes: there are some interesting chapters relating to Grant's Presidential administration. But there are other sections of the book so mind-numbingly boring that it might be lethal to read them in their entirity. Tatum's style veers from the grandiloquent to the pithy depths of laconic mumbling and it's difficult to get any rhythm reading the book.<br />There is absolutely nothing about Grant's personal life in the book, which is a crushing disappointment. People new to the subject will have scant grasp on Grant as a man and more's the pity. However, the sections on USG's treatment of Indians is generally positive and accurate, with some glaring lapses. The book is also hopelessly outdated at this point because much revisionism has taken place regarding Grant's Presidency. Tatum basically represents how USG's Presidency was regarded in the 60's, but much new work has been done in the intervening forty years.<br />To sum up, a difficult read, but interesting if you have an interest in Grant's treatement of the American Indian.
This is one of the better books written about Ulysses S. Grant that are intended for children. Actually, in this case the term &quot;young adults&quot; is more appropriate because the text would be a bit complicated for children.<br />Rickarby writes quite well and like many women authors, seems to understand Grant, who had a plethora of female characteristics, such as kindness, gentleness and compassion. The military chapters are not especially good and there are a number of basic mistakes in describing various battles. Rickarby is stronger in the domestic realm, and she describes Grant's happy marriage and his life as a father very well.<br />The most outstanding part of the book are the paintings. In particular, there is a fabulous color depiction of Grant standing on the corner in St. Louis, selling firewood in the late 1850's. If you're a fan of General Grant, this painting alone makes the book a necessary purchase. Rarely has his mood, stance and demenenor been so well captured.
Though this book promises to uncover the childhood lives of Presidents, Ulysses S. Grant's childhood is actually given short shrift here. There is actually an abundance of material available about USG's life in Ohio as a young boy, but you won't find much of it in this book. His childhood is glossed over in a few pages, mostly concentrating on Grant's celebrated love for horses. The bulk of the book focuses on Grant's life at West Point, between the ages of 17-21, so it's really a book about his young adulthood.<br />I'm giving the book four stars because there is some interesting material about Grant's parents, including his quite miserable mother, who I believe was either mentally impaired or clinically depressed. Suffice to say she rarely uttered a word and gave her son zero affection throughout this life. The consequences this had on Grant's psyche were unavoidable. Also interesting is the material on Jesse Grant, the shrwed, tight-fisted, cheap and braggadacio father of General Grant.
This book is one of extremes: there are some interesting chapters relating to Grant's Presidential administration. But there are other sections of the book so mind-numbingly boring that it might be lethal to read them in their entirity. Tatum's style veers from the grandiloquent to the pithy depths of laconic mumbling and it's difficult to get any rhythm reading the book.<br />There is absolutely nothing about Grant's personal life in the book, which is a crushing disappointment. People new to the subject will have scant grasp on Grant as a man and more's the pity. However, the sections on USG's treatment of Indians is generally positive and accurate, with some glaring lapses. The book is also hopelessly outdated at this point because much revisionism has taken place regarding Grant's Presidency. Tatum basically represents how USG's Presidency was regarded in the 60's, but much new work has been done in the intervening forty years.<br />To sum up, a difficult read, but interesting if you have an interest in Grant's treatement of the American Indian.
There are much better general children's biographies of Ulysses S. Grant, but this book is especially strong in the military aspects of Grant's career. Special care is devoted to Grant's participation in the Mexican War and several chapters are set aside for detailed examinations of Grant's civil war campaigns. This is a surprisingly strong entry in the children's biography field, and the descriptions of Grant's various battles are generally accurate and simplified for the younger reader. The author's take on the Vicksburg campaign is actually highly entertaining and takes a complicated campaign, reducing it to something a child could comprehend.<br />Weaker are the areas of Grant's rich private life, and one wishes Coolridge would have concentrated a bit more on Grant's happy marriage and his abilities as a father. But all in all, this is a good military introduction into Grant's life.
If you're the type of person that enjoys viewing American icons clad in their underwear, then this is your baby. General Grant is shown basically unclad and then the nimble-fingered among you can dress him in uniform, black suit or even tails. Fred Astaire would be so jealous!<br />Grant's family is also shown, as well as his much-hated son-in-law, Algie, his crabby father-in-law, Colonel Dent, and his mismatched parents, with whom Grant had strained, weird relationship. All of the dolls strongly resemble the actual people and this is a marked strength in the booklet. The clothes are also accurate and appealing. The front and back covers of the book contain a fairly accurate representation of Grant's life, with the fanciful inclusion that Gen. and Mrs. Grant actually had five children, one of whom was lost in infancy. This &quot;lost child&quot; has no pedigree and no mention is made of this mysterious babe in any of the existing Grant literature.<br />If you're a fan of Grant or a fan of paper dolls in general, this is a fine (and fun) book.
McFeely won the Pulitzer Prize for this book in 1982, but the conclusions he reaches about his subject have drawn fire ever since. Those sympathetic to Grant correctly point to errant assumptions and mistakes in character analysis. Most glaring is McFeely's insistence that Grant gloried in carnage, was insensitive to death and suffering, and was an incompetent chief executive.<br />Actually Grant was one of the most exquisitiely sensitive men ever born and was nothing like the 'butcher' that McFeely describes. However, the research in the book is quite good and there are very few factual errors to be found, though his chapters on the civil war are relatuvely weak. This contrasts markedly to Geoffrey Perret's 1997 Grant biography, which contained inaccuracies on nearly every page. McFeely is most solid in the period of Reconstruction, though he is usually overly prone to criticize the hapless Grant. Throughout many chapters, it seems the General can't buy a break.<br />McFeely's greatest admiration for Grant is contained in two areas of his life: his family relationships, specifically his loving marriage to wife Julia, and his abilities as a writer. McFeely leaves no doubt that he regards Grant's 1885 Memoirs as one of the great books ever written and the best part of this biography is in explaining the processes Grant used to produce such a masterpiece, while dying of throat cancer.<br />With its flaws and uneven treatment of Grant, McFeely's book cannot be considered definitive, but it is still the only complete biography of Grant written in the past 30 years. Perret's limping entry isn't even in the same league as this book, in accuracy, writing or research. To sum up: overly critical, but a must read for Civil War buffs.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.d an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
This is a controversial book because of one reason: the author maintains he witnessed Grant getting drunk during the Vicksburg campaign in 1863. Why this is particularly contentious with Grant supporters is a trifle mystifying, but Grant fans still vociferously contend the author &quot;embellished&quot; or &quot;lied&quot; about the drinking binge. Never mind that two other people who were also with Grant corroborate the drinking story. Never mind that his chief of staff specifically wrote about the binging in a private letter.<br />Aside from this drinking anecdote, the book is a warm, rich portrayal of General Grant from a man with a discerning eye. Cadwallader relates many small incidents of Grant's everyday life as a man and as a general that are fascinating and not to be found in other first-person narratives.<br />Cadwallader truly loved Grant and his book shows his regard and his profound attachment to him. It's a pity that so many people denigrate such a fine book simply because they feel the author's memory was fallible or because they refuse to see Grant as a multi-facted man. A man with his share of human frailties and weaknesses, but still a towering individual: a great general and a man of uncommon moral fiber and decency. If you know little about Grant, this is a good place to begin a journey in seeking to know him as a man and as a great soldier who saved the union.
It's a great pity in Grant scholarship that the author of this book, Lloyd Lewis, died prematurely and was not able to continue his trilogy of Grant. Though the able Bruce Catton continued the project, he was never the writer or researcher that was Lloyd Lewis. This book is a remarkably accurate and clear portrayal of Ulysses Grant as a young man. The book ends on the eve of the Civil War, when Grant was stuck in his father's leather shop, bored and aching for something meaningful to do with his life. At 39, the civil war found Grant (or Grant found the war, take your pick) and history was never the same.<br />Lewis was known for his punctilious and dilligent research and it is a pleasure to read a book devoid of errors and rich in interpretation. He illuminates Grant as he *really* was: a decent, engaging, modest and clear-headed young man, destined for greatness but not quite knowing what to do with his considerable talents. The only slight criticism is that Lewis spends too much time on the military aspects of the Mexican War, but you can skim through those passages. This is one of the most outstanding Grant biographies and a must-read for anyone interested in the life and times of our greatest general.
Everything Henke publishes is always a high quality, well-researched effort and this is no exception. It's not hyperbole to say that this book contains virtually everything you ever wanted to know about Lennon memorabilia; the details are prodigious. It's an almost encyclopedic chronicle of Lennon's life from 1940 until his tragic death in 1980. Casual fans might suffocate under the weight of all this info, but for Lennon fanatics, like me, this is nirvana.<br />The book is divided between personal material about John, his relationships, marriages, divorce, and two sons, and his professional career. His partnership with Paul is explored in fascinating detail and no discernible bias can be seen. The index is easy to follow and cross-referenced so you can easily find what you're looking for. The highlights are the color photos of John memorabilia: report cards, Quarrymen stuff, lyric sheets... it'll blow your mind.<br />If you are a serious fan of John Lennon, this is an indispensible guide to his songwriting, personality and his life. If only he had been allowed more than 40 years on earth, how many more classic songs would he have written? Sadly, we will never know, but this celebration of his life is as good as it gets.
In the 1970's, at the height of the Hitler boom, Glenn Infield had a cottage industry. He produced numerous books on Hitler and Eva Braun, made a ton of money and then thankfully, disappeared from the face of the earth. I say &quot;thankfully&quot; because Infield never was bothered to get his facts straight. He was (in)famous for making up interviews with long-lost Hitler associates, and even inventing people if it suited him. He even claimed to have interviewed Unity Mitford in 1976; the only problem was that she had been dead for 35 years. Oh well, Infield never was one to allow the facts to get in the way of telling a juicy story.<br />So the text is inaccurate, shoddy and unintentionally funny. He claims Hitler necked on the sofa with a British woman at Bayreuth in 1935, never mind that the woman herself later admitted she'd never even met the Fuehrer or Glenn Infield, for that matter, who claimed to have interviewed her. I could go on and on, but let's just say the book is mostly fiction. The photographs, however, are exceptional. There are actually some rare gems in here, though, as usual, Infiel misidentifies dozens of them. There are at least twenty photos of Gretl Braun (Eva's sister), that are identified as Eva. Infield even has a photo of Max Amann that he says is Heinrich Himmler. Sigh.<br />To sum up, if you want some unusual and rare photos of Hitler and Eva, there are in the book. Forget the accuracy of the words, however.
Frank wrote this book in 1997 and it remains an interesting look at Eva Braun. He employed the John Toland philosophy of historical writing, which is to seek out, interview and delve into the memories of people who actually knew Eva Braun. Thus Frank contributed greatly to our understanding of Braun because he interviewed her two sisters and her best friend, Herta Schneider. Their information is priceless and of course, they are all since deceased.<br />Frank's book is not the definitive look at Eva (see Nerin E. Gun's 1967 book for that distinction), but he makes very few factual errors and these are trivial in nature. He takes the reader through Hitler and Eva's first meeting in 1929 up until their joint suicide in the Berlin bunker. Perhaps most importantly, Gun provides ample evidence that Hitler was not the sexual pervert, homosexual, or impotent puppet that other, more recent, books purport to &quot;prove.&quot; Gun amply shows that Hitler was normal sexually and he and Eva had a pretty pedestrian, average private life, devoid of whips, chains, or other perversions.<br />This remains an excellent biography of Eva Braun. I recommend it highly.
Parker really delivers with this book on Seneca Indian Chief and Union Civil War General Ely S. Parker. The chapters on Ulysses Grant are especially interesting. The author unveils some little-known information about Grant and his relationship with Parker. He quotes several letters that Parker wrote in later years, complaining that Grant had dumped him and that Grant's wife was so enamored with rich men, that Grant's wartime staff had been rendered useless. Quite enlightening material.<br />Parker writes well and the book is solidly researched. If you have an interest in Grant, the book is definitely one to own. If your interest is Parker, then all the better. Recommended.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.d an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.d an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
Bruce Catton was the man who salvaged Ulysses Grant's flagging reputation in the 1950's and 60's, and restored him to his deserved place in the pantheon of America's greats. Catton wrote a marvelous trilogy of Grant's military career and also wrote this little gem which is, by a wide margin, the best introductory work ever written on Grant. This isn't intended for people who are civil war historians or who have a vast knowledge of Grant. It's meant for those who know little about Grant and are curious to learn more. Look no further than the pages of this book.<br />Catton understands Grant nearly to perfection, and this is a hard task given his subject's inscrutible nature. He admires him tremendously and the reader will undoubtedly share his feelings by the end of the book. Grant was an immensely likeable, honest and decent man; he loved his wife, his children and his country and sacrficied immensely for them all. One weakness here is that Catton gives very short shrift to Grant's Presidency; he seems to run out of gas a trifle after Appomattox.<br />If you are new to Grant and want to learn more, this is *the* book to purchase. You won't be sorry.
For any admirer of Ulysses S. Grant, this book is a must have for your collection. Though it's a slim little volume, it packs a wallop. The book was written in conjunction with an exhibit of Grant photographs that was on display at the Lyndon Johnson Library in Austin, Texas. I visited that exhibit and purchased this book at that time. It's been very difficult to find another copy in the intervening years.<br />John Simon wrote a pithy and excellent introduction to this volume, and Barber continues on with his own narrative, which is surprisingly well-written, accurate and even witty at times. The photos are good, the paper quality exceptional... what's not to like?
One wonders why this book was republished since it contains very little interesting information on General Grant. All of these letters are available in the multi-volume series, &quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant,&quot; published by Southern Illinoise University. The letters here are published with any editing, and for people unfamiliar with Grant, it will be very difficult to follow the people, places, and events described herein.<br />The book is still rated as above average, if only because Grant writes beautifully, and the letters show his droll, dry wit to perfection. But it would be a waste to purchase this volume, especially if you have access to the &quot;Papers of USG&quot; project.
Adam Badeau was a man who served on Grant's staff and who knew him well. Unfortunately, Badeau was venal, conceited, arrogant, cheap and had the character of a con man. Grant, hopelessly naive about many things, never was able to see into the black soul of this snake. Badeau wrote this book shortly after Grant's death when he was engaged in suing the Grant family, claiming he (Badeau) wrote Grant's Memoirs. A greater snake never slithered upon the earth than this creep.<br />However, this book has definite merits. There's no doubt he knew Grant very well and he truly loved him for long periods. Much of the work is dated and contains chapters on figures long lost to history, such as Lord Gladstone and others to numerous to name. However, there are marvelous nuggets interspersed between the wretched parts. There are glimpses of Grant's private side which you'll not find in other places. This alone makes the book essential reading for anyone fascinated with the inimitable General Grant. Especially intriguing are chapters about Grant's world journey between 1877-1879 and his last days. This is mandatory reading for all who enjoy Grant, even if we revile this particular author.
There are currently a total of five books that compile the photographs of Linda McCartney. This is head and shoulders above the other books. It includes her *best* photos and the most interesting ones. This book omits any landscape photos or pictures of inanimate objects. Sorry, when you've been married to Paul McCartney and hung out with the Beatles for 15 months, photos of a pencil eraser shouldn't be cluttering up the precious space.<br />Linda was a truly talented artist with the camera. The way she lit her subjects and captured them candidly is really intriguing. I love her photos because I love Paul and the Beatles, and I suspect most people will buy the book because of that. But there are also some outstanding shots of Jagger, Brian Jones, Jim Morrison and some other 60's icons. Highly recommended.
Adam Badeau was a man who served on Grant's staff and who knew him well. Unfortunately, Badeau was venal, conceited, arrogant, cheap and had the character of a con man. Grant, hopelessly naive about many things, never was able to see into the black soul of this snake. Badeau wrote his trilogy between 1868-1881. He sent every chapter to General Grant for comments and corrections. Grant read every word aloud to his wife, Julia, and he would scribble in the margins her comments for Badeau's benefit. This book is the first book of the three he produced on USG's military career.<br />With this advantage, you would think Badeau could produce an entertaining, engaging book. Forget it, reading this miserable thing is like swimming through pea soup in a London fog. Badeau is no writer and this becomes painfully obvious from the first paragraph onwards. Despite his closeness to Grant and the unprecendented access he had to Grant's opinions, this military history is as interesting as reading a phone book. Avoid this wretched history and save yourself the agony of wading through it.
This slim little volume contains various articles about Grant culled from other sources. Some of them are redundant and not especially interesting, but there are several chapters containing some great, little-known material about Grant. This book would not be a good choice if you're just beginning to read about Grant, but if you have a strong interest and like just about anything to do with him, this is a necessary purchase. The editing, packaging and presentation of the book is excellent. The content is variable, but occasionally soars. Recommended.
There are currently a total of five books that compile the photographs of Linda McCartney. This is head and shoulders above the other books. It includes her *best* photos and the most interesting ones. This book omits any landscape photos or pictures of inanimate objects. Sorry, when you've been married to Paul McCartney and hung out with the Beatles for 15 months, photos of a pencil eraser shouldn't be cluttering up the precious space.<br />Linda was a truly talented artist with the camera. The way she lit her subjects and captured them candidly is really intriguing. I love her photos because I love Paul and the Beatles, and I suspect most people will buy the book because of that. But there are also some outstanding shots of Jagger, Brian Jones, Jim Morrison and some other 60's icons. Highly recommended.
This is one of the least-known Grant books, but one of the best, especially for beginners. As an introduction to the subject, this is outstanding. Focusing more on Grant's Presidency than other facets of his life, it shows conclusively that USG was a better President than he's given credit for. Carpenter also explores Grant's rich personal life, and his extremely happy marriage. He was an unusually devoted husband and father and there's much material about this human side.<br />There are better biographies of Grant and this is too brief to be a detailed study. But as an introduction into the magic of this man, it would be hard to top this.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
I bought this book because I enjoyed the first volume of Twain's letters so much, I became hooked on this series. I wasn't disappointed, this volume is even better than the first one. Though it covers only one year, the letters to Livy, his wife, make this a treasure trove.<br />If you love Mark Twain, this is a necessary book and an extremely enjoyable one. Expertly edited, the letters are as interesting to read (if not more so!) than Twain's fiction. It's impossible not to be drawn to this witty, brilliant, sarcastic, amazing man. His letters shine a light upon his soul in a way that his fiction doesn't always do. For anyone who admires the greatest American author, this will win a deserved place of honor on your bookshelf.
If you love Mark Twain, this is a necessary book and an extremely enjoyable one. Expertly edited, the letters are as interesting to read (if not more so!) than Twain's fiction. It's impossible not to be drawn to this witty, brilliant, sarcastic, amazing man. His letters shine a light upon his soul in a way that his fiction doesn't always do. I think the most interesting section are the letters from San Francisco. For anyone who admires the greatest American author, this will win a deserved place of honor on your bookshelf.
To abridge Grant's Memoirs is to eviscerate one of the greatest books in the English language. It's like cutting out various chapters in the Bible, or cutting act three from MacBeth. Please don't buy this abridged version, every word of the original is worth reading and savoring. Abridging this classic of American literature is incomprehensible and baffling.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
This is a well-researched and thoughtfully-written biography of a man who was perhaps the most famous man in the world in the decade of the 1960's. Now, sadly, Burton's legacy and fame have dimmed considerably and he's remembered more as Elizabeth Taylor's fifth (and sixth) husband. He was much more than that. I have always thought Burton overacted miserably in most of his roles and I was chiefly intrigued with him because of his beautiful physicality and because was an erudite, deeply intelligent man. He was also a prodigious reader and a keen intellect, but this genius seemed utterly wasted on Liz, a woman with whom he shared a passionate sex life, but precious little else.<br />The highlight of this book is the inclusion of over 100 pages of Burton's diaries, kept meticuously from 1965 until his death. Burton writes candidly, wittily and brilliantly. It's devilishly exciting to read his words about Liz and his vicious put downs of others, including a visceral tirade against poor Lucille Ball. He also muses on occasion about his autistic daughter, Jessica, who was hidden by the Burtons and kept in an institution all her life.<br />Burton had a larger-than-life appetite for living, sex, booze... you name it. He was self-destructive, manic-depressive and difficult, but all of those things make for a compelling character and this book illuminates him like no other.
I've spent a great deal of time in Munich and this is one of the funniest and most entertaining guides I've ever seen. This is not a guidebooks for tourists with kids, this is for single people looking to have a good time. I've been to many of the bars, restaurants and beerhalls the author critiques and I agree with him on almost every place (the exception is the Augustinerbrau, this place is pricey, but the food is great). Larmour tells you which places to avoid and where to go for the best beer, food and ambience. If you're i Schwabing, Bogenhausen, Haidhausen, it won't matter, he covers the bases in all regions. I highly recommend this book if you're planning on being in Munich and want the lowdown on what's what.
This is a very useful book, I was surprised at its depth and information. Whether you've spent lots of time in Bavaria or are a newcomer, these drives are almost all excellent, off the beaten track and easily nagivated. The maps included are more than adequate, it's almost impossible to get lost. The authors throw in little tips, such as nice inns to stay at or good restaurants along the way. I've spent a lot of time driving in Bavaria and Austria and this book was a truly pleasant surprise. If you love Bavaria and you like beautiful drives, I highly recommend this.
I bought this book because I had seen (and suffered through) Steves' amateurish and infantile videos on visiting Italy. I was curious to see if his books were as bad as his videos. The verdict: they are equally as bad. The problem is, Steves isn't an innate or talented traveler, though he apparently has performed a miracle and makes money fooling others that he *is* a great traveler. The Arthur Frommer Guides are much better than these Steves offerings.<br />Problems abound. Steves concentrates most of his time on typical tourist destinations in Rome. Of course it's interesting to read about the Coliseum, but does he provide information on how to catch a taxi or streetcar? Of course not. What about hotels? His advice is universally bad. He hasn't a clue on how to locate a low-cost Pensions and opts for dingy tents on the outskirts of town. His suggestions on eating are obtuse. Snacking in Italy is a cinch: go to a bakery in the morning, buy your rolls, cheese and coffee and be on your way. His suggestions of hanging around railway stations and saving a few pennies are insulting and poorly rendered.<br />Similarly wretched is his advice on getting about the city and Rome's environs. Forget the railway, you can rent an econo car for about $150 a week. Yes, gas is expensive, but driving is the only way to see this beautiful country, though I would not recommend driving within the city limits. Another weakness is Steves' opinions of Rome, which basically consists of 10 pages advising you to frequent the cheapest and most touris-ridden spots. If that's all there is to see and do in Rome, then we're  in trouble. Truly, this is a terrible book written in plodding, patronizing style, guaranteed to set your nerves a-jangle. Rome is a sublime place: the people, the food, the sights and sounds are fantastic! This book will steer you to the worst tourist traps. Avoid it.
I bought this book because I had seen (and suffered through) Steves' amateurish and infantile videos on visiting Italy. I was curious to see if his books were as bad as his videos. The verdict: they are equally as bad. The problem is, Steves isn't an innate or talented traveler, though he apparently has performed a miracle and makes money fooling others that he *is* a great traveler. The Arthur Frommer Guides are much better than these Steves offerings.<br />Problems abound. Steves concentrates most of his time on typical tourist destinations in Venice. Of course it's interesting to read about St. Mark's Sqaure, but does he provide information on how to catch a taxi or streetcar? Of course not. What about hotels? His advice is universally bad. He hasn't a clue on how to locate a low-cost Pensions and opts for dingy tents on the outskirts of town. His suggestions on eating are obtuse. Snacking in Italy is a cinch: go to a bakery in the morning, buy your rolls, cheese and coffee and be on your way. His suggestions of hanging around railway stations and saving a few pennies are insulting and poorly rendered.<br />Similarly wretched is his advice on getting about the city and Venice's environs. Forget the gondola, Venice is a walking city, not that Steves bothers to tell you this. Another weakness is Steves' opinions of the city, which basically consists of 10 pages advising you to frequent the cheapest and most touris-ridden spots. If that's all there is to see and do in Venice, then we're in trouble. Truly, this is a terrible book written in plodding, patronizing style, guaranteed to set your nerves a-jangle. Venice is a sublime place: the people, the food, the sights and sounds are fantastic! This book will steer you to the worst tourist traps. Avoid it.
I was given this book as a child and loved it then. However, with the passage of 30 years, this book has become thoroughly out of date. It's amazing that Burton was perhaps the most famous man in the world in the decade of the 1960's. Now, sadly, Burton's legacy and fame have dimmed considerably and he's remembered more as Elizabeth Taylor's fifth (and sixth) husband. He was much more than that. I have always thought Burton overacted in many of his roles and I was chiefly intrigued with him because of his beautiful physicality and because was an erudite, deeply intelligent man. He was also a prodigious reader and a keen intellect, but this genius seemed utterly wasted on Liz, a woman with whom he shared a passionate sex life, but precious little else.<br />Burton had a larger-than-life appetite for living, sex, booze... you name it. He was self-destructive, manic-depressive and difficult, but all of those things make for a compelling character but this book is dry and plodding. I recommend Melvin Bragg's Burton bio instead of this one from 1971.
It grieves me to give any Beatles photograph book only four stars, but I have to say these photos have almost all been published previously. If you're new to the Fabs or don't have many photograph compilations of them, then this will be a magnificent book. But if you've collected on them for years and own Benson's previous book, then many of the pictures will be recycled ones to you.<br />Ultimately, it doesn't matter, any book featuring the boys is always a treat, even if the information has been read a thousand times before. The quality of the book is good, the photos are reproduced beautifully, what's not to like? Incidentally, the cover photo of John, Paul and Ringo is one of the more evocative photos in the book, they usually crop poor Ringo out of this one. Enjoy!
If you're planning on spending just a few days in Munich, then this compact little guide will be indispensible in locating the famous beerhalls and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the U-Bahn in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the beerhalls of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest beer, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Munich or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is basically intended for the casual tourist and the information on the intriguing environs of Munich, including Bogenhausen, Haidhausen and areas of Schwabing, is not detailed. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. The chapters on Berchtesgaden and Garmisch are excellent, however. So this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Munich, enjoy the greatest city in Europe and be sure to tuck away this guide.
As a physical fitness addict, I bought this book hoping to read about like-minded sorts who love to work out because it makes us feel and look better. Well, after reading it through, it's a decidedly mixed bag, and asks more questions than it answers. Basically, most really fit people know that in order to look good past the age of 35, you have to exercise vigorously and constantly. There are no shortcuts once you reach the dreaded middle age. The people you see on exercise infomercials with the ripped abs and huge biceps are taking steroids. The sleeker, toned look comes from diet and having a personal trainer. People with a good, fit figure, work very hard at it, and make it their top priority in life. Tyhe infomercials that tell you, \\"just four minutes a day to a better body\\" are lying.<br />My main criticism with Kolata is that she wastes a great deal of time on her own experience with \\"spinning\\" on a stationary bike. I like the stationary bike as much as anyone, but intricate details of her life on one is not my cup of tea. Another weakness is that Kolata doesn't explore aerobic experience completely, she sort of dismisses long distance running as a \\"fad from the 70's,\\" which is a very curious statement in a book supposed to be about fitness. Her sections on strength training also contain some dubious information.<br />Ultimately, the formula for fitness is one that few can achieve because hardly anyone has the time to exercise strenuously 20 hours a week. If you do this, you can pretty much pig out on what you like and laugh at the people stuck on the hideous Atkins diet, stuffing themselves with unhealthy garbage like bacon, steaks and red meat. I really wanted to like this book, but came away disappointed.
There's no doubt that Robinson's guide is one of the great books written about the JMT, no one disputes this. It's nicely written, informative and gives background on the trail not found in other guides. However (and this is a huge &quot;but&quot;), this book is *not* useful for planning a present-day thru hike of the John Muir Trail. It was written in the mid 1930's and so much has changed in the intervening 70 years. Locations to trailheads, water sources and resupplying points and all drastically changed since 1936.<br />Most people who thru hike the JMT want all books every published about it, to remind ourselves of our accomplishment. This book definitely deserves a hallowed spot on your bookshelf, it just doesn't belong in your pack in these modern times.
The most enjoyable hours of my life have been spent hiking in Yosemite and this inexpensive little guide is absolutely indispensible for the novice or experienced hiker.<br />The maps are detailed and will give you an excellent idea of what each hike is going to look like. I use it almost daily during hiking season and it helps in selecting hikes, planning them, reaching the trailhead and gauging whether a hike will be worthwhile. Each hike contains an accurate and fairly detailed description of the rigors of each trek. Occasionally I quibble with the author's ranking of a given hike, but usually he is on the mark.<br />A few cautionary notes: there are no photos in the book, and only general maps which introduce the hiker to each specific place. The descriptions of how to reach each trailhead are excellent, unless you have little experience with Yosemite.<br />My favorite part of the book is that the Touloume Meadows High Country area is not neglected, nor the great hikes around Hetch Hetchy. Equally detailed are the fantastic hikes on the Valley Floor. I use this guide when I do my summer hiking in Yosemite and can't reommend it enough. It's a no frills approach, but it's handy, convenient and weighs next to nothing.
This is one of the lesser-known books on the JMT, and I bought it with some trepidation. But boy, was I pleasantly surprised! This is a true little gem. I have thru hiked the Muir Trail from north to south and found this book is very informative and containing some very useful information. The maps are adorable and hand-drawn, but highly accurate.  The book is not marketed as being geared towards novices, but there's no doubt it would benefit a beginner and be less beneficial to a seasoned backpacker. But even old pros with be delighted with the format and presentation here.<br />There are route descriptions of each facet of the trail, such as explaining the drop off points, elevation gains and topography of Thousand Island Lake in Mammoth to Tuolumne Meadows in Yosemite. You could do a thru hike without this guide, but if you're the least bit apprehensive, then this would ease your worries. Even if your an armchair JMT thru hiker, I think you'd enjoy this nifty book.
I bought this book because I had seen (and suffered through) Steves' amateurish and infantile videos on visiting Italy. I was curious to see if his books were as bad as his videos. The verdict: they are equally as bad. The problem is, Steves isn't an innate or talented traveler, though he apparently has performed a miracle and makes money fooling others that he *is* a great traveler. The Arthur Frommer Guides are much better than these Steves offerings.<br />Problems abound. Steves concentrates most of his time on two cities: Rome and Florence. He hasn't a clue on how to locate a low-cost Pensions and opts for dingy tents on the outskirts of town. His suggestions on eating are obtuse. Snacking in Italy is a cinch: go to a bakery in the morning, buy your rolls, cheese and coffee and be on your way. His suggestions of hanging around railway stations and saving a few pennies are insulting and poorly rendered.<br />Similarly wretched is his advice on getting about the country. Forget the railway, you can rent an econo car for about $150 a week. Yes, gas is expensive, but driving is the only way to see this beautiful country. Another weakness is Steves' summation of Rome, which basically consists of 10 pages advising you to frequent the cheapest and most touris-ridden spots. If that's all there is to see and do in Rome, then we're all in trouble. Truly, this is a terrible book written in plodding, patronizing style, guaranteed to set your nerves a-jangle. Italy is a sublime place: the people, the food, the sights and sounds are fantastic! This book will steer you to the worst tourist traps. Avoid it.
I was disappointed in this guide. Though it profiles the three routes to the summit of Rainier and contains some nice color photos plus excellent maps, all of this you can get with a click of your mouse on the Internet. I was crushingly disappointed when this book arrived. It is intended to tote along with you on a Rainier ascent, that is obvious because of the books lightweight nature and the fact it folds into a small area. But the vast majority of mountaineers now use licensed guides, thus the book is irrelevant.
I bought this book because I had seen (and suffered through) Steves' amateurish and infantile videos on visiting Germany. I was curious to see if his books were as bad as his videos. The verdict: they are equally as bad. The problem is, Steves isn't an innate or talented traveler, though he apparently has performed a miracle and makes money fooling others that he *is* a great traveler. The Arthur Frommer Guides are much better than these Steves offerings.<br />Problems abound. Steves concentrates most of his time on two cities: Berlin and Munich. He hasn't a clue on how to locate a low-cost Pension and opts for dingy tents on the outskirts of town. His suggestions on eating are obtuse. Snacking in Germany is a cinch: go to a bakery in the morning, buy your rolls, cheese and coffee and be on your way. His suggestions of hanging around railway stations and saving a few pennies are insulting and poorly rendered.<br />Similarly wretched is his advice on getting about the country. Forget the railway, you can rent an econo car for about $150 a week. Yes, gas is expensive, but driving is the only way to see these three beautiful countries. Another weakness is Steves' summation of Austria, which basically consists of 10 pages divided between Vienna and Salzburg. If that's all there is to see in Austria, then we're all in trouble. Truly, this is a terrible book written in plodding, patronizing style, guaranteed to set your nerves a-jangle.
This book made a big splash when it was published, there were oodles of headlines screaming, &quot;Richard Burton was a pedophile!&quot; Ah hem... not quite. The only portions worth reading here are the Burton ones, the rest of the tome is one large snooze fest. Kingsland lived a teenage life to die for: as a 14 year old school girl in London, she meets Richard Burton, then 29 and starring in various Shakespearean productions at the Old Vic. Not surprisingly, she was instantly attracted to Burton (what female between the ages of 9 and 90 wouldn't be?), and told him she was 17.<br />Then their affair began. It was long afterwards that Kingsland admitted to Richard that she was actually only 14 years of age, but Burton didn't seem to care, and continued making love to the girl for several more months. He finally dumps her, as he dumped all his mistresses of that era: Jean Simmons, Claire Bloom and Susan Strasberg, to name a few of his thousands of conquests. Kingsland writes well and her chapters on Burton are engrossing, to say the least. Richard comes off as a drunken but charming cad, and his lovemaking prowess seems to have been rather limited: a slam, bam, thank you, ma'am sort of guy. But when you look like that, who is going to complain? There are some problems with dates, the author puts Burton in London when he wasn't there, and he was certainly not playing Hamlet at the Vic in 1954!<br />I can think of worse things than to be deflowered by Richard Burton, even if he should have done the proper thing and waited until this girl was out of school. If you're into Burton, this will do you nicely.
If you want to hear droning stories about British theatre life, then this is your baby. However, if you're hoping for some juicy revelations about Peter O'Toole, look someplace else. What a crushing disappointment this is. Sian was married to O'Toole for 20 years and during the height of his world-wide fame. She was with him during his breakthrough role as Lawrence of Arabia, in Becket, Goodbye Mr. Chips, and all his other stellar 60's roles. I expected gobs of gossip on Taylor and Burton, but Sian merely relates Peter's drinking binges with Burton and the fact Kate Hepburn referred to Liz and Richard as \\"fat pigs.\\"<br />And what about O'Toole's drinking? As one of the most famous drunk actors of all time, in the league of Lee Marvin, Burton, Oliver Reed and Richard Harris, I expected some fireworks in this area. Forget it. Sian clinically describes Peter's addictions, his out of control lifestyle and racing cars, but it's all told in a desperately dry manner. All very disappointing.
Heston doesn't write especially well, so expect no fireworks among the pages. However, he has presented an accurate and clinical history of Hitler's health. The most interesting portions relate to Dr. Theo Morell, who became Hitler's personal physician in 1935. Morell was a hygenically-challenged mess whom all in the Hitler inner circle despised. Eva Braun said she would not allow &quot;that pig&quot; to get near her. Still, Morell exerted considerable influence over Hitler, who became physically dependent on the array of drugs Morell injected into him. By 1942, Hitler's physical decline was alarming, and Morell was dousing him with uppers to get up in the morning and downers to allow him sleep.<br />The &quot;raving lunatic&quot; side of Hitler, always depicted in motion pictures, is a myth. He was nothing like the movie Hitlers, as this book eloquently shows. He was, however, hopelessly addicted to amphetimines and barbituates for many years prior to his 1945 death. Though dry reading, it still will hold your interest.
Serious warning for all prospective readers of this book: this is the most misleading title ever created. This book has almost nothing about about the July 20,1944 bomb plot by Count von Staufenberg against Hitler. Of course you'd think this would be about that topic since the title mentions this event. Forget it! Instead, it's a lengthy, boring and ultimately unreadable account of the German Home Front in 1944-45. That's a fairly interesting subject, but not when you expect to read something about July 20, 1944. I didn't even finish this twaddle, Hitler appears on a scant 14 pages, Staufenberg is a non-entity here. A crushing disappointment.
When this book was published in 1968, it created a world-wide sensation. Why? Mainly because it contended that the Soviets had done an autopsy on Hitler's body and found he had had only one testicle. For many years, an entire industry grew up around this ridiculous myth. Authors swallowed the story hook, line, and sinker, and claimed that Hitler's monorchism (having one testicle), was the cause of his anti-semitism, anti-Bolshevism and all his other psychological traumas.<br />Anyone should have known then that this Russian report was politically inspired and completely fabricated. When the Soviet Union finally toppled, in 1991, Bezymenskii admitted in several interviews that he was forced to invent the &quot;missing testicle&quot; story to avoid being sent to a Gulag. I guess that was motivation enough, but this idiotic fiction fooled many in the intervening thirty years.<br />The book is dry, poorly translated and contains proven lies. There's no point in reading it unless you want a laugh or two.
I first bought the German language version of this book in Braunau am Inn, Austria, in 1979. Immediately I recognized many of the paintings and drawings in here to be crude forgeries. Subsequent research has been published which proves many of the material here was forged by Konrad Kujau, later indicted for the Hitler Diaries hoax in 1983. For the record: all of the nude drawings of Geli and Eva are forgeries, all the paintings by &quot;Hitler&quot; post-1918 are forgeries and all the floral arrangement paintings are fakes. In addition, most of the paintings in the color section were done by Kujau.<br />So why am I giving this book 3 stars, instead of one? For several reasons. First, the book is beautifully produced, on thick, glossy paper and solid linen covers. And there are enough genuine Hitler paintings reproduced to make it worthwhile. Though flawed and loaded with forgeries, it's still a mandatory book for any serious Hitler collection. My favorite forgeries are the ridiculous &quot;deer&quot; paintings, which you'll see. There are absurd, yet passed off as genuine Hitler originals!
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler.<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler. It's a pity that somehow, this gem has been relegated to a lesser status and poorly-researched tripe on Hitler is passed off as &quot;definitive.&quot;<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
This is the definitive English-language version of Hitler's early years. It's not as well-written or as interesting as Franz Jetzinger's German-language book on AH's early manhood, but this is good. The book was published in 1966 and is, unfortunately, dated. There has been significant additional material unearthed since the 60's. Another problem is that there are no photos in the book. It would have helped the overall impression had they included photos of Braunau, Leonding and especially, Linz, the Fuehrer's favorite city and regarded as his &quot;hometown.&quot;<br />Smith doesn't write especially well, but his research is dilligent and reliable. Don't expect any fireworks in the style department, but you can be assured of a solid, quality reading experience.
I expected this book to be a collection of reproduced newspapers and magazine clippings relating to Hitler from 1923 until he invaded Poland. One would expect this would be the content, considering the title of the book. Well, forget it. It's merely one long, dreary essay on how Hitler was treated in magazines, with some scanty examples thrown in here and there. Zalampas is hardly a Hitler scholar and omits many salient articles on Hitler's early career, especially ones from the &quot;Literary Digest,&quot; the first American magazine to feature Hitler, as early as 1921. I don't really know the point of this exercise, it's not interesting, enlightening, or remotely intriguing.
I first bought this book in the late 1970's on the Obersalzberg and still enjoy it. There have been many pictorial books about Hitler's mountain idyll above Berchtesgaden, but this is one of the best. A downfall is that there are no colorized photos inside, but the quality of the black and white images is very good. The text is also accurate and interesting, if you can read German. But the book is not especially compromised if you can't read the language. There are quite a number or rare and previously unpublished images of the Fuehrer in this book. If you have a pronounced interest in his life at Haus Wachenfeld and the Berghof, this is a &quot;must have&quot; addition to your collection.
There is nothing revelatory in this book and the errors are predictable and redundant. Putting Hitler on the couch is nothing new, Walter Langer and the OSS produced the first psychological profile of Hitler in 1943. It is still in print and available and is much superior to this effort.<br />The main problem is that Hitler is dead and putting him through psychoanalysis is problematic, to say the least. I have an innate distrust of non-Germans (or non-German speakers) writing biographies of Hitler, so Moriarty is doomed from the get-go. The vast majority of Hitlerian documents have never been translated and a non-German speaker tackles the project with a severe disadvantage. Rather predictably, the author relies on discredited information, outdated sources and throws in some psychological treatises of his own, which lack credibility.<br />Hitler was an extraordinarily complex, complicated personality and the vast majority of historians have missed the mark in interpreting him or understanding him. Moriarty utterly misses the mark in explaining Hitler's relationships with women. He was hardly a sexual pervert and maintained a monogamous, though neurotic, relationship with Eva Braun for the last thirteen years of his life.<br />If you want a steady, readable and reliable biography of Hitler, I urge you to consult John Toland's masterful 1976 book. Nothing has surpassed it in the 28 years since its publication.
This was number one on the New York Times bestseller list for nine weeks when it was released in 1973. I read it as a child and enjoyed it, but I didn't realize as a 10-year-old that it was laden with ridiculous errors. Payne writes well, but entire chapters are completely fabricated, thus making the book worthless. A salient example is chapter 6 where Hitler makes a year-long visit to Liverpool to visit his brother. This is the most embarrassing idiocy to ever appear in a Hitler biography (and there's loads of competition for this dubious distinction).<br />Hitler was never in England, as his apartment records clearly show from Vienna. Payne relies upon discredited sources again and again, such as William Patrick Hitler and Kurt Krueger, invented Hitler psychiatrist.<br />The book is good for a few laughs, nothing more. It's aged dreadfully and its errors become more ludicrous as the years past. If you want a solid, reliable and definitive biography of Hitler, consult John Toland's 1977 masterpiece.
Heston doesn't write especially well, so expect no fireworks among the pages. However, he has presented an accurate and clinical history of Hitler's health. The most interesting portions relate to Dr. Theo Morell, who became Hitler's personal physician in 1935. Morell was a hygenically-challenged mess whom all in the Hitler inner circle despised. Eva Braun said she would not allow &quot;that pig&quot; to get near her. Still, Morell exerted considerable influence over Hitler, who became physically dependent on the array of drugs Morell injected into him. By 1942, Hitler's physical decline was alarming, and Morell was dousing him with uppers to get up in the morning and downers to allow him sleep.<br />The &quot;raving lunatic&quot; side of Hitler, always depicted in motion pictures, is a myth. He was nothing like the movie Hitlers, as this book eloquently shows. He was, however, hopelessly addicted to amphetimines and barbituates for many years prior to his 1945 death. Though dry reading, it still will hold your interest.
The original German-language version of Hitler's Table Talk is a truly outstanding book. There are extremely rare photos of Hitler, his various girlfriends, and many hitherto unpublished drawings made by Hitler. The editing is outstanding.<br />Henry Picker was a young German officer who knew stenography and took down Hitler's Table Talk for a period of four years during World War II. This book was first published in 1951 and has enjoyed many reprints in the intervening years. This edition is by far the best because of the revealing footnotes which leads the reader to other sources.<br />Though Hitler is invariably portrayed as a raving madman in American &quot;docudramas,&quot; he could also be a thoroughly charming and intensely charismatic private companion in his off hours. A man capable of seducing 65 million Germans and of his monumental crimes, had to possess an elemental force both inexplicable and fascinating. This book provides some clues to Hitler's personality, though in fairness, his mesmerizing mystique had been dulled by drugs and megalomania by 1941. He was surrounded by sycophants, but there were some perceptive and intelligent people in his milieu, most notably Joseph Goebbels. Hitler's secretaries were also articulate and intelligent ladies. However, his chauffeurs and other aides, such as Linge and Schaub, were hardly junior Einstein's.<br />Hitler's monologues are faithfully presented here and he emerges as a genius in certain areas (his knowledge of architecture and art was encyclopedic), and as a sexist boor in other realms. His believed himself to be omniscient and believed further that he was a messiah selected by Providence to save the German nation. Anyone harboring such delusions is bound to sound arrogant and insufferable on occasion.<br />This is a must have book for anyone interested in Hitler, his entourage, or his paralyzing effect upon other people. It's chilling that Hitler casually discussed trivialities while Europe was being torn asunder because of one man's twisted ideology. If you read German, I can't recommend it highly enough.n asunder because of one man's twisted ideology. If you read German, I can't recommend it highly enough.
The only reason people will buy this book is because they hope for some personal insight into the mind of Hitler. Forget it, this is a numbingly boring book, an exercise in ego gratification for the author. She lived across the street from Hitler's Munich apartment, at 16 Prinzregentenplatz. She saw him at a distance a few times and then pads these pseudo-encounters to a ridiculous degree. I seriously wonder whether she actually saw Hitler at all, since her stories seem spurious in the extreme.<br /><br />The vast majority of the book has absolutely nothing to do with Hitler. She is packed off to Switzerland, immigrates to the USA, etc. ad nauseum. Who really cares? The book found a publisher because she claims to have met Hitler. At least, then, include some interesting stories about the man. There are none in this book. Extremely disappointing.
For people who haven't read much about Hitler, this will be an interesting book. Traudl Junge was one of his secretaries from 1942 until his death three years later. She never knew him as well as Schroeder, Wolf or Gerda Christian, his other secretaries, and this is because she arrived so late on the scene. Hitler had deteriorated physically and mentally by 1942, so she was never privy to the full range of his charisma; she saw him in the period of his marked decline.<br />For those who think Hitler behaved as &quot;movie Hitlers&quot; act, then you'll be shocked to see that in private, he was a charming, fatherly fellow, at least to his inner circle. Hitler's dark, maniacal side was reserved for Himmler, Bormann and others. Junge grew attached to Hitler and enjoyed his company, even the interminable nightly monologues.<br />This entire book was previously published in 1989 and was called &quot;Voices from the Bunker.&quot; Junge died in 2003 and this has been rushed out because of her recent demise. If you're well-versed in Hitler, there is nothing new here, Junge was interviewed exhaustively for years before her death. I was able to meet her, in Munich, twenty years ago, and she was a reserved, rather withdrawn woman, oppressed with guilt because she had served a mass murderer. I think anyone with an interest in Hitler will enjoy the book, but don't expect any new or revealing material.
I first bought this book in Braunau am Inn, Austria, in 1979. Immediately I recognized many of the paintings and drawings in here to be crude forgeries. Subsequent research has been published which proves many of the material here was forged by Konrad Kujau, later indicted for the Hitler Diaries hoax in 1983. For the record: all of the nude drawings of Geli and Eva are forgeries, all the paintings by &quot;Hitler&quot; post-1918 are forgeries and all the floral arrangement paintings are fakes. In addition, most of the paintings in the color section were done by Kujau.<br />So why am I giving this book 3 stars, instead of one? For several reasons. First, the book is beautifully produced, on thick, glossy paper and solid linen covers. And there are enough genuine Hitler paintings reproduced to make it worthwhile. Though flawed and loaded with forgeries, it's still a mandatory book for any serious Hitler collection. My favorite forgeries are the ridiculous &quot;deer&quot; paintings, which you'll see. There are absurd, yet passed off as genuine Hitler originals!
Phantom Ranch is one of great places in the United States and so little-known. Located at the bottom of the Grand Canyon, 9.2 miles from the South Rim, and 14 miles from the North Rim, it's accessible only by mule, water raft or foot. The Ranch consists of a charming cantina, where the best hiker's stew in the world is served, and small cabins clustered about. Thybony adequately describes the place, the food and the atmosphere. He does need to better warn potential visitors that getting reservations here is next to impossible. There is currently a 2.3 year wait, unless you're lucky enough to get a cancellation.<br />Hiking in the Grand Canyon has numbered among my most treasured experiences. Phantom Ranch will delight everyone who visits!
I am a hiker, so I looked at the book from a hiking perspective and found it excellent. It is by far the best hiking book I've seen that specifically addresses the unique rigors of being in the heat for lengthy periods. Johnson has a nice little ranking system for each journey, from ranges from one star for easy treks and 4 stars for the strenuous ones. I do think his ranking system is just a trifle soft. Some of the hikes that get 4 stars aren't really that difficult, nor do they have exceptional elevation gains. But this is a minor criticism.<br />The bext part of the book is the descriptions of how brutal heat can wither the human body. Johnson gives helpful tips on how to protect your skin, face and eyes from the ravaging effects of the sun. I once hiked 24 miles Rim to Rim in one day in the Grand Canyon without sun glasses and can attest how vicious an experience that was on the eyes. He also stresses that you'll need a minimum of one gallon of water, per person, per hour when you're in 100+ degree temperatures. Many scoff and say, &quot;That is too much water!&quot; Believe me, it isn't.<br />All in all, a good book and one which every desert hiker or desert fan should own.
Wow! This is a coffee table book that not only has sumptuous photographs, the accompanying text is equally enchanting. This is a book from which you can derive hours of satisfaction, either admiring the photos, or reading the various chapters. Napier describes some of the world's greatest walks/hikes and if you're a vicarious armchair traveler, this might entice you to actually get on a plane, lace up your boots and get going!<br />Rarely have I enjoyed a coffee table book this much, it's very well done, well written and a joy throughout. Highly recommended!
This is a weak hiking guide on all fronts. Glacier is one of the most stunningly gorgeous places in North America, but you'd never know it from this book. The black and white photographs are indifferent, at best, and the driving descriptions to each trailhead leave much to be desired. I know your national thought is, \\"How can I get lost in a National Park?\\" Well, you can get lost using the driving routes contained in this book. There are few warnings about the perils of encountering a grizzly on the trail (I know, I've had this happen to me at Glacier). The author suggests carrying pepper spray, but against a 2,000 pound animal, that won't do the trick.<br />Glacier deserves better than this rather boring and amemic effort.
If you're just getting into hiking, are not in excellent shape and have a little trepidation about venturing into the &quot;wilderness,&quot; then I highly recommend this book. It has good descriptions of each trail and driving tips to the particulae trailhead. It also gives essential basic information about hiking gear, equipment and style that novices will need.<br />However, if you're an experienced hiker, this is not your book. Opt for the John Robinson guides, because the treks here are not strenuous. It's inconceivable that any guide purporting to be about Southern California omits the three greatest hikes of the region: Mount Baldy, San Gorgonio and San Jacinto. But again, this book is for beginners and it goes a good job for them. I just don't want someone looking for long, strenuous hikes being disappointed with this purpose. Happy hiking to all!
I own about 30 hiking guides and this book is the one I use the most often and consult before any hike. John Robinson is one of the gurus of Southern California hiking and his guides are usually dependable, accurate and full of information that will ensure your safety while in the mountains. He provides an adequate history of each hike, driving directions and fairly precise descriptions of where to locate each trailhead. It's important to note that some of his information is outdated; for example, you always must display your Forest Adventure Pass when parking your car in a California National Forest. Robinson doesn't mention this because his guide was written before the Pass became &quot;essential.&quot;<br />Another strength of this book is that Robinson usually provides separate descriptions of various ways to summit a peak. He details the standard way of climbing San Gorgonio, as well as three alternate treks to the peak and this is a valuable tool for the experienced hiker. He does the same for San Jacinto, perhaps the premiere hike in Southern California (as well as the most arduous!) The guide is tailored towards seasoned hikers and if you're a neophyte, this probably wouldn't be your best choice. But if you love to hike and live in the L.A. area, the Robinson guide provides indispensible information. Highly recommended.
This is a magnificent look at Andrew Jackson's war with the Native Americans. So many biographers bury their subject and forget that most readers what to know who their subject *was*, not merely what they *did.* Remini doesn't fall into this trap. He gives the reader a well-grounded and detailed look at Andrew Jackson as a man: his foibles, passions and prejudices, as well as his extreme ambition and vacillating brilliance.<br />Remini strikes a beautiful balance when examining Jackson's private life and military/political life. His examination of the Trail of Tears is absolutely riveting, and he weaves Jackson in and out of the narrative with rare poise and skill. The reader can actually picture Jackson in the midst of this conflict, feel his emotions and understand the decisions he made. When a biographer can paint such a vivid picture, the reader will always be rewarded.<br />This is an excellent book for the entire spectrum of people interested in Jackson. Whether you are a neophyte or an established Jacksonian historian, there is much to enjoy, as well as new material. The footnotes and bibliography are excellent resources and lead to additional sources for the reader. The minute I finished this, I bought the second volume, &quot;Andrew Jackson: The Course of American Freedom, 1822-1832,&quot; also available here. This volume is truly an outstanding book
This is part four of a four-volume series of George Washington's life and this final installment is the strongest book of all. Flexner's narrative takes the reader up to Washington's last breath and his description of his death is particularly interesting. Despite the fact that there is a plethora of interesting material on Washington's ilness and death, this book brings out facts hitherto unknown. It is  reliable and accurate, but one sometimes yearns for a more enlightened and exciting presentation of the earlier years. This is the personification of how history is usually taught: in a manner not designed to capture the reader or the student.<br />One strong point is that Flexner successfully presents a balanced portrait of Washington. Any bias from the author is thankfully masked from the reader. When Washington deserves criticism or censure, the author soberly dispenses it. Praise and plaudits are similarly given. If you are deeply interested in Washington's early years, this is an adequate and trustworthy source. But if you are merely dabbling in Washington and prefer a swifter narrative, then this is not a recommended selection.
Lewis and Clark's descriptions of their epic overland journey is a deserved American classic. So many students must memorize the Gettysburg Address or the Preamble of the Constitution, but too few are ever introduced to this magnificent trilogy, told in Lewis and Clark's own words. They were the first white men to lay eyes on the interior sections of the Unites States, when the land was unspoiled, unpolluted and obviously quite spectacular. In great detail, they relate their indescribable amazement to see giant Sequoia trees, grizzly bears and endless miles of barren desert.<br />Lewis and Clark's experiences are the stuff of legend, but the question that begs to be answered is: could they write? The answer is a resounding yes! The narrative flows smoothly, the descriptions of the animals and landscape come alive with their vivid use of language and metaphor. Perhaps the most vivid sections of the book revolve around their numerous encounters with Native Americans. This book should be required reading for anyone with an history in the history and exploration of the United States.
Arizona is a great state to hike. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Grand Canyon, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! It is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a color map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. I enthusiastically recommend this gem!
Davis has completed five books in his intended definitive biography of Franklin Roosevelt. This book is superbly researched and factual, but it isn't as interesting as other books on FDR by Ward or Freidel. Davis bogs down in trivial and irritating detail, which is peculiar, since the early Hyde Park years are among the most engrossing of Roosevelt's life. Davis is best when he examines FDR's relationship with his mother and father, but he spend *way* too much time examining the boring rich-pony set of Duchess County.<br />Davis is weaker on forging memorable portraits of the intimate personal relationships in FDR's life. besides his parents. He doesn't really explore the loneliness Roosevelt felt at Groton and Harvard. There is a singular lack of understanding of Eleanor Roosevelt in this volume, nor is there much said about Roosevelt's children, his secretary Missy LeHand or other pivotal members of the FDR milieu. Davis does explore in interesting depth the effect of Howe's relationship with FDR.<br />Roosevelt was a mercurial and difficult to understand character. His charismatic public facade masked some inner demons and foibles, which Davis painstakingly illuminates. This is an interesting, though ultimately, flawed effort.
Living in California, I don't get a chance to hike in New Hampshire as often as I would like. But when I do, I always take this lightweight guide along in my car and in the pack. The best part about the guide is that hikes are described in detail and directions to each trailhead are given in exhaustive detail. This is especially important for out-of-towners who aren't familiar with the back country roads. The authors have hiked each of the trails and they offer pithy comments on trail conditions, the possibility of seeing wildlife and other pertinent information.<br />There is a separate section on the magnificent Cosos Trail, the 200+ mile hike which runs from the border  of NH to he Canadian border. My one slight criticism is the maps, which could be of better quality, but the text, route descriptions and ancillary material are of high quality.  The descriptions of day hikes around Pinkham Notch are excellent!
I have thru hiked the Muir Trail from north to south and found this book informative and containing some useful information. However, much of the info is of the common sense variety and could also easily be gleaned from the Internet. There is superfluous information on bear canisters, marmots and other hazards that any semi-experience hiker/backpacker would already know. The book is not marketed as being geared towards novices, but there's no doubt it would benefit a beginner and be less beneficial to a seasoned backpacker.<br />There are route descriptions of each facet of the trail, such as explaining the drop off points, elevation gains and topography of Thousand Island Lake in Mammoth to Tuolumne Meadows in Yosemite. You could do a thru hike without this guide, but if you're the least bit apprehensive, then this would ease your worries.
Greenberg is a good chronicler of events and few occasions in Nixon's life, however incidental, is missed here. The book is long on details relating to the professional side of Nixon, but I was disappointed that there was a lack of personal anecdote within the covers of the book. Of course RN was an inscrutable, moody, paranoid and ultimately unknowable man, but I would have liked more material on Pat Nixon, as well as Tricia and Julie. Greenberg quotes copiously of Nixon's own self-serving memoirs but doesn't include much primary source material on Nixon as a human being.<br />The strong points are the chapters on Watergate and the gradual demise and destruction of RN as President. The ancillary characters of Watergate all get their just due: Halderman, Ehrlichman, Mitchell and Dean are described in sometimes sympathetic but occasionally, brutal detail. Reeves shows masterfully that Nixon dissembled and lied to the bitter end, not to the American people, but most disturbingly, to himself. It's well-written and full of detail, just don't expect much on Nixon the man. Otherwise, an enthusiastic thumbs up.
This is a surprisingly effective and well-organized guide, with some interesting maps and information. If you're planning on spending just a few days in Vienna, then this compact little book will be indispensible in locating the famous streets and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the public transportation in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the churches of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest food, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Vienna or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is solely intended for the casual tourist and there is little, if any, information on the intriguing environs of the city. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. Still, this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Vienna, enjoy one of the greatest cities in Europe and be sure to tuck away Brook's guide,
I enjoy all of the Schaffer books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on the PCT, and the descriptions of each part of the trail are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions (I mean this for section or day hikers of the PCT). Schaffer never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the sections of the trail, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Schaffer also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be mainly for thru-hikers of the PCT, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the entire PCT, Schaffer describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
This is a fun and humorous guide, but only if you are absolutely new to running. If you've been hitting the pavement for more than a few months and are running 20 miles a week or more, this is not the book for you. Everything in here is extremely basic, common sense and would only be instructive to people who have never owned a pair of New Balances. However, if you want to run a marathon and are a world class coach potato, this is your book! It will take you step-by-step through the intricate maze of buying shoes, stretching, when to run, how much and how often to run, how to lose weight and keep it off, and how to get into the type of shape necessary to run 26.2 miles.<br />I recommend this book for all running newbies who think they have the stuff to run a marathon. Anyone can do it as long as you have prepared properly, have the right mental attitude and really want it. I've run many marathons and even the bad ones become wonderful memories after the fact. So lace up those Nikes and let's go!
I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
I've run many sub-four hour marathons and only discovered this book after the fact. I wish I'd had it while training for all those races, it might have helped. There's nothing fancy in here, and nothing you wouldn't find in various back issues of Runners World magazine. The standard, unvarying formular for running a marathon in under four hours is simple: run 20 miles a week for several months, then gradually increase your mileage to 40-50 miles a week. Start throwing in longer and longer runs one day of the week until you can run 20 miles at a stretch. Do this for 1 month, then taper off and run your marathon. I'm a firm believer in running 20 miles at least 3 times before marathon day.<br />I know... many have done marathons on less training, but I've run enough of them to know that many people suffer (and I mean *really suffer.*) The whole point of running a marathon is not to just survive it, but to hae fun doing it and finish tired, but not completely done in. If you train adequately, you can, and will, finish a marathon and it probably won't be your last. Few things in life offer such satisfaction and sense of accomplishment.<br />One final word: the chapter on treadmill running was inadequate. Don't be put off by treadmill running, it replicates road running well enough if you put the treadmill at an incline of 3-4 percent. Good luck and happy running!
I'm a fan of Robert Stone's guides because they are concise, well-written and give great driving descriptions to the trailheads. This is another fine hiking guide, though the treks do tend to favor the beginning hiker. There are few strenuous jaunts listed here, so if you're an experiencer hiker looking for some challenges, either hike someplace else or choose another guide. San Luis Obispo offers some stunning vistas, both mountain and ocean variety. This is the best guide for this areas and its environs, a first-class guide to a magnificent area.
This is a well-organized and nicely written hiking guide and would be great for beginning hikers. However, if you're experienced and want some strenuous, long treks, this is definitely not the best guide for you. I was looking for some serious high mileage hikes in the mountains, but all of the trips described here are not hikes at all, they are walks. Incredibly, the author includes many little city strolls on pavement, and several one mile jaunts on the beach. Now I love Santa Barbara as much as anyone, and strolling on State Street and the beaches is fantastic. But that is simply not hiking and I was very disappointed to see these included in what is marketed as a hiking book.<br />If you're a beginning hiker or have children, or just aren't up to 20 mile hikes, this is a nifty little book, and perfectly adequate for your needs. But if you want a serious workout, you'd best look for another guide. There's nothing longer than a 7 mile \\"hike\\" with minimal elevation gain. I'm not knocking the book for novices, but if you're not a beginner, this is not recommended.
In the 1970's, at the height of the Hitler boom, Glenn Infield had a cottage industry. He produced numerous books on Hitler and Eva Braun, made a ton of money and then thankfully, disappeared from the face of the earth. I say &quot;thankfully&quot; because Infield never was bothered to get his facts straight. He was (in)famous for making up interviews with long-lost Hitler associates, and even inventing people if it suited him. He even claimed to have interviewed Unity Mitford in 1976; the only problem was that she had been dead for 35 years. Oh well, Infield never was one to allow the facts to get in the way of telling a juicy story.<br />So the text is inaccurate, shoddy and unintentionally funny. He claims Hitler necked on the sofa with a British woman at Bayreuth in 1935, never mind that the woman herself later admitted she'd never even met the Fuehrer or Glenn Infield, for that matter, who claimed to have interviewed her. I could go on and on, but let's just say the book is mostly fiction. The photographs, however, are exceptional. There are actually some rare gems in here, though, as usual, Infiel misidentifies dozens of them. There are at least twenty photos of Gretl Braun (Eva's sister), that are identified as Eva. Infield even has a photo of Max Amann that he says is Heinrich Himmler. Sigh.<br />To sum up, if you want some unusual and rare photos of Hitler and Eva, there are in the book. Forget the accuracy of the words, however.
I agree that this map is overpriced, but if you spend much time hiking in Yosemite, it's invaluable. This is especially true if you hike in Tuloumne Meadows and the High Country, the map is especially strong in this area. The map itself is quite out of scale and is by no means a topographical study; it's more intended to give the hiker a broad panorama of the areas they trek across.<br />Many times a year I hike from Cathedral Lakes in the High Country to Happy Isles trailhead, on the Valley floor. It's a 22 miles day hike and it's awesome. Never before did I realize the scope of the hike until I followed it on this map. You really will use it repeatedly. It's printed on high quality, glossy paper which withstands moisture, water spillage and general wear and tear. I've carried it in my pack on the John Muir Trail and it withstands most any punishment.<br />The artwork is beautiful as well. What is eight bucks in the scheme of things? I spend every weekend in the summer at Yosemite and I can't recommend this highly enough, especially for you Tuloumne Meadows fans. Enjoy!
This is an interesting and well written book, but a few cautionary notes are in order. The book is severely outdated, especially regarding parking and locating trailheads. The South Kaibab can no longer be driven to, you must take a shuttle bus. This is integral information for the casual tourist or the serious hiker.<br />In addition, the title of the book is a little misleading. If you visit in the summer, there really are no easy hikes within the park. This is because of the extreme heat on the south rim and the unusually dry conditions that prevail there. I've hiked in the canyon for 25 years, including many rim to rim hikes, and anyone who underestimates the canyon will probably end up humbled, at the very least.<br />This is a good book for couch potatoes who want to experience the Grand Canyon but aren't interested in strenuous or long treks. Just be wary of the parking info contained within, it is outdated.
This is a breezy photobiography of Grant and it's interesting because the text and the photos are well-rounded and give a good overview of Grant's life. The quality of the photos is far above average, and the actual text flows together nicely. This would be an excellent introduction to the general, or suitable for pre-teens who have an interest in history. While the book wouldn't hold interest for more advanced Grantphiles, its target audience would probably enjoy it.
Run, do not walk, away from this book. A massive joke in the Grant community, no one with a shred of common sense or historical sensibility would endorse this dreadful biography. The author, William E. Woodward, was an avowed racist, who openly states in the book that &quot;slavery was a good thing.&quot; He understood next to nothing about his subject and when in doubt, simply makes up entire incidents to suit his warped fantasies. Grant had a famously happy and passionate marriage. This doesn't fit into Woodward's scheme of things, so the hapless cretin claimed Grant was &quot;incapable of love or devotion.&quot; Had Woodward bothered to read Grant's many love letters to his wife, he wouldn't have written such inanity.<br />It would be impossible to count the errors in this masterpiece of banality, they appear on nearly every page, ultimately rendering the book a hideous malady. It was written 70 years ago, it is beyond out-dated, it is a pitiful, pathetic and truly wretched book. It's only usefulness might be to stoke the fire in your hearth. The apex of awful, that is &quot;Meet General Grant.&quot;
Grant's Presidency has undergone significant revisionism in the past several years. Hesseltine's book was published in 1937, when Grant's reputation was at a low ebb. In addition, Hesseltine was morbidly anti-Grant and produced a book of extraordinary one-sidedess regarding USG's time in the White House. One can only wonder why this book has been republished, considering it is grossly out of date. It is also full of condescending, insulting and inaccurate characterizations of Grant, and plodding in the extreme. It's one of the more famously badly written books on Grant and is the subject of much ridicule by those unfortunate enough to have read it.<br />Here's an example of Hesseltine's literary style: \\"Ulysses S. Grant was a loser. Even dogs didn't like him.\\" Hello, Hesseltine: Grant won the civil war, so much for your \\"loser\\" tag.<br />The one bright spot is that Hesseltine does include a chapter on Grant's personality and private life. This is a surprisingly accurate and refreshing look at Grant. Hesseltine throws considerable light on Grant as a human being and the results are pleasing. This one chapter, however, does not rescue the remainder of the book. The rest of the it is snide and quite mind-numbingly boring. Avoid this tripe at all hazards.
This is a decidedly mixed bag, but worth a purchase if you're interested in Ulysses Grant. Published in 1966, Frost's book remains, sadly, the best book of Grant photos. I say &quot;sadly&quot; because there are a wealth of fabulous images not inside this book. Frost also mis-dates dozens of photos and even has the nerve to include two photographs which aren't even of Grant, and identifies the unknown man as Grant. Give me a break.<br />The text is incidental, not especially interesting, and contains factual gaffes of some magnitude. For a beginner, this is a good introduction, but be wary of the dates assigned to each photo. And be especially aware that the fat man in the bankers suit is not Ulysses Grant, even though Frost claims he is.<br />God knows when a decent book of Grant photographs will come down the pike. I've been holding my breath for 35 years for this eventuality and still see nothing on the horizon. One of these days, let's hope...
I came to this book with fairly low expectations, but I was bowled over by the information and the well-written style. This reads like a fictional thriller, yet every story is true.  I think if you enjoy the Grand Canyon, you'll love this book!<br />I visit the Grand Canyon several times a year to do rim-to-rim-to-rim hikes in successive days. That's 48 miles and 12,000 verticial feet elevation gain, so it's a brute. Being on the trail for 10 hours in one day lets me see hundreds of people on the Kaibab and Bright Angel Trails. It never ceases to amaze me to see the amount of unbelievably unprepared people trying to hike in this grandest of canyons.<br />When you hike in the Grand Canyon, you cross six distinct climactic zones. You have to have a lot of physical and mental endurance to truly appreciate the wonders of the canyon. It can kill you if you don't, please heed the warnings here and on the signs in the canyon itself! So many people venture down on a lark in high heels. They suffer on the way back up. Don't let this happen to you.<br />This book is simply superb, each chapter is divded up into various dangers, whether white-water rafting, hiking, and especially, the heat.  If you're looking forward to a Grand Canyon adventure, you won't find a better book. I've read it twice because it's just riveting. Enjoy!
Most people who know nothing about Ulysses Grant always ask,  \\"Wasn't he a drunkard?\\" The rivers of alcohol, real and imagined, flow from his time in California and the Oregon territory, 1852-54. This book explores the rumors of Grant's drinking and his life while on the west coast. Ellington is not a spectacular writer, and his style is a little dry, but the content of the book is interesting and accurate. Grant's much-adored wife, Julia, was pregnant when he was ordered to the coast and she couldn't accompany him. His loneliness for her and his sons was responsible for much of his descent into drinking.<br />If you have an interest in Grant's life before the civil war, this is a sober and reflective work. Don't expect many fireworks in the writing department, but it's still an interesting read.
Bruce Catton is arguably the most readable and accessible author who wrote about the civil war. Whether you are a military historian or a beginner, you will take something meaningful from his work. He writes in a beautiful, yet simple, manner and you really feel as if you are there. When he narrates Lee's surrender to Grant at Appomattox, it's as if you are sitting in the room during this pivotal moment in American history.<br />Catton is certainly not without his biases. He is primarily a biographer of Grant and his focus is squarely on him during this book. Catton is arguably the greatest Grant biographer and is largely responsible for changing the negative views about Grant in the 1950's and 60's. He wrote several books about USG and this one weaves in and out of Grants life.<br />Catton thoroughly understood Ulysses Grant and became his vocal proponent. He correctly grasped that Grant was the preeminent strategist of the civil war and was also the war's greatest, most innovative and most determined general. Those who errantly believe Grant won with brute force or superior numbers need to read this book. Others who espouse the line that Robert E. Lee was the real genius of the war also need to consult this volume. At its conclusion, you will change your mind and realize that Grant was not only a magnificent soldier, he was also a highly intelligent, humorous and marvelously humane man. He has been unfairly maligned and Catton sets the record straight.<br />This is a \\"must have\\" book for anyone interested in U.S. Grant or the American civil war. The narrative flows smoothly from beginning to end. Highly recommended!
This is another masterful book in the series of the Papers of Ulysses S. Grant. Covering a privotal period of his Presidency, the book reprints all of Grant's letters of the time, as well as responses and memoranda directed to him.<br />&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-six volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of the series (by John Y. Simon), is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot; or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon, these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man. My highest recommendation goes to these volumes.
This is another masterful book in the series of the Papers of Ulysses S. Grant. Covering a privotal period of his Presidency, the book reprints all of Grant's letters of the time, as well as responses and memoranda directed to him.<br />&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-six volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of the series (by John Y. Simon), is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot; or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon, these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man. My highest recommendation goes to these volumes.
This is a surprisingly effective and well-organized guide, with some interesting photos. If you're planning on spending just a few days in Budapest, then this compact little book will be indispensible in locating the famous streets and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the public transportation in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the churches of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest food, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Budapest or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is solely intended for the casual tourist and there is little, if any, information on the intriguing environs of the city. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. Still, this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Budapest, enjoy one of the greatest cities in Europe and be sure to tuck away Olszanski's guide.
This is a book of extremes, of stunning goodness and great disappointment. First, the bad news. This is touted as an album of Ulysses Grant photographs. It is marketed as such and sold with this inherent promise. It is with stunned surprise to report that there are exactly twelve photographs of Grant within this book. Yes, I counted them: twelve actual photos. There are some additional etchings, all of inferior quality and the photos themselves are not rare. In fact, every photo of Grant is insultingly common, known by even the most peripheral of civil war buffs.<br />So, if you're expecting a book of Grant photos or are hoping to find a rare chestnut buried within, forget it. You'll have to stick with the 1966 book of Grant photos by Lawrence Frost, which (sadly) remains the best book of Grant photos and that's a sorry testament.<br />Now, for the good news. Whereas many Grant fans decry and defame McFeely for his supposedly \\"anti-Grant\\" 1981 biography, I have always loved his ability as a writer and his way of presenting material. Is he opinionated? You bet, but therein lies much of his charm. He contributes seven essays in the book and several of them are absolutely brilliant. This is no rehash of his 1981 biography of Grant, most of it is fresh prose, more personal, introspective and chatty. No matter if you object to McFeely's viewpoints on Grant, it's hard to deny his authentic and natural ability to write about Grant with sincere depth of emotion and an astonishing grasp of what made him tick.<br />McFeely's chapter on Julia and Ulysses Grant's marriage is the best material ever written about this couple. Undoubtedly this is the definitive examination of their intense relationship. He is one of the few historians who has completely understood her role in Grant's life. Some reviewers have objected that he describes Grant's wife as \\"silly\\" several times, but even Grant himself would have admitted it. The general's stalwarts objected to what they called McFeely's \\"Freudian\\" interpretations on Grant's private life in previous writings. McFeely will send them running for their smelling salts with this new offering on the Grant marriage: \\"Over the years of thinking about the two Grants, I have come to realize that their sexual life together was the chief source of their mutual strength.\\" One wishes other Grant biographers would follow McFeely's example and shoot from the hip with such accuracy.<br />His essay on Grant's memoirs is derivative of much of what he wrote in 1981, but it remains some of the best words about a great book. His chapter on slavery, which opens the book, is probably the weakest section of the book. One might question whether slavery deserves such a lengthy treatment in a book supposedly devoted to Grant photographs.<br />To sum up, the photographs are lousy and common, but McFeely's essays are some of the best writing about Grant which you'll ever read. This book wouldn't be especially good for a novice, but if you've steeped in the magic of this man, you'll like the essays. If only they had dredged up 100 more decent photos, this would be an amazing book... but if wishes were horses, beggars would ride.s \\"Freudian\\" interpretations on Grant's private life in previous writings. McFeely will send them running for their smelling salts with this new offering on the Grant marriage: \\"Over the years of thinking about the two Grants, I have come to realize that their sexual life together was the chief source of their mutual strength.\\" One wishes other Grant biographers would follow McFeely's example and shoot from the hip with such accuracy.<br />His essay on Grant's memoirs is derivative of much of what he wrote in 1981, but it remains some of the best words about a great book. His chapter on slavery, which opens the book, is probably the weakest section of the book. One might question whether slavery deserves such a lengthy treatment in a book supposedly devoted to Grant photographs.<br />To sum up, the photographs are lousy and common, but McFeely's essays are some of the best writing about Grant which you'll ever read. This book wouldn't be especially good for a novice, but if you've steeped in the magic of this man, you'll like the essays. If only they had dredged up 100 more decent photos, this would be an amazing book... but if wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
This book is an interesting, reasonable treatment of General Grant's last days. There are few factual errors, though the author is critically hampered by no footnotes and few documented sources for his various theories. Despite these flaws, Goldhurst writes well and understands Grant's enigmatic character. There's no doubt he admires and respects the General's race with death to complete his memoirs. Actually, the best parts of the book are those dealing with Grant's last days. You will learn of Grant's physical agony brought on by throat cancer, and his valiant attempts to complete his memoirs before death.<br />Another interesting aspect is that Goldhurst fleshes out Mark Twain very well, a \\"Grant intoxicated man,\\" as he aptly points out. For Twainophiles, this is an added bonus. There are superior books relating to Grant's waning year, but this is the most breezy, conventional and engrossing of them all. Recommended.
Let's make reference to the review printed below, which slams this book and claims it is baseless nonsense. Actually this book is readable, generally accurate and can introduce Grant and Lee to the broad range of people who know nothing about either of them. Is this historical biography of the highest realm? Hardly, but it lays no claim to that mantle. Instead, it's an entertaining book which does not slam Julia Grant, USG's wife, in the slightest. In fact, the book extols her support of her husband and focuses a great deal of attention on Grant's famously happy marriage. The sections on Lee are inferior to the chapters on Grant, but adequate. The format is rather crippling, as the authors seesaw between the two titans. One wonders why they didn't concentrate their forces on one instead of two?<br />Finally, the website mentioned by the previous reviewer is mine. As for the \\"completely fictional\\" notion that Julia suspected USG of being enamored of other women while on the West Coast, the reviewer  needs to consult some other works on Grant before making this absurd claim. Read Grant's letters from the period before attacking the Andersons for presenting facts. Did Grant cheat while separated from his wife? Never. Did she worry about it? You betcha, and that's what this book presents. Case closed.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I purchased the recently updated version of Shaffer's book, but having recently hiked in the Big Sur area, I can confirm the book is still riddled with basic mistakes. These mistakes aren't of a rudimenary nature, but significant misstatements of fact, such as where to locate a trailhead, how far each hike is and where to park your vehicle. On several hikes, Schaffer describes a &quot;locked gate&quot; which hikers must traverse... oops, sorry... there is no gate there anymore and no access for hikers. This can be extremely frustrating to plan a morning hike and rely upon this guide, only to be misled and have the hike aborted before it even begins.<br />In addition, the book is organized in an extremely frustrating manner. Distances are given, but no elevation gains or indication of whether the trek will be easy, moderate or strenuous. This is an inexcusable omission. The only reason to buy this guide is because good hiking books on the Big Sur region are few and far between. I use Schaffer because it's the only guide out there, but it has many serious deficiencies. Know this before you purchase it and don't expect a stellar guide. Also be aware of the errors in trailhead directions and outdated material.
This is a poor entry into the Appalachian Trail community library of books. Setzer knows little, if anything, about hiking or thru hiking in particular. The glaring weaknesses show, all too plainly. If you're planning on lacing up and hitting the trail, I don't recommend you buy this book. Walking from Springer Mountain to Katahdin is a joyous, painful, exhilerating and life-changing experience. Setzer never did it and doesn't beging to comprehend what it all entails. The hubris is notable, the writing ability almost nil. Mueser's book remains the best AT thru hikers guide.<br />--------David, AT thru hiker, 1997
I have hiked the entire Appalachian Trail, though in sections, over 3 years, so I do know something about the experience. This book was a crashing bore and I trust most of you would agree with me. Setzer writes with an amateurish, torturous manner which befits a schoolboy and not a published author. He knows little, if anything, about the AT because he never hiked it himself. He interviewed people who did and writes of their experiences with a detatched air which ultimately infuriates and insults the reader. Consult Coplin's &quot;Wild Bird Song&quot; for a truly inspiring read. This is dismal droning.
I have read countless hiking books but never have I encountered a preface like this book. Authors Spring and Manning spend many pages going into a diatribe about how the Forest Service has ruined many Washington trails and how ATV's and encroachment has destroyed much of the pristine beauty of the state. I agree with their comments wholeheartedly, but wonder if such \\"strident\\" opinions (to some people) are really suitable in a hiking guide. For me, the political opinions were not a distraction, but I want to mention them in case you are expecting simply a typical guidebook with no ancillary commentary.<br />Now, to the book itself. Washington is a magnificent and beautiful state to hike. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Seattle, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! It is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a brief map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive. There are also black and white photos of each trail, with two color sections.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. From desert to mountains, Washington has it all. I enthusiastically recommend this gem with the small warning about the authors injecting personal opinions about the Forest Service.this gem with the small warning about the authors injecting personal opinions about the Forest Service.
Most people are drawn to Huntington because of the magnificent gardens in California, or they themselves are avowed bibliophiles. If you revere books and are a book lover, then Henry Huntington is someone to admire and respect. His book collection is one of the premiere collections in the world, especially his concentration of incunabula. Huntington's mammoth collection is stored in the incomparable Huntington Gardens in San Marino, California - one of the most lovely places on earth. The permanent exhibitions include a first edition of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales and numerous Shakespearian folios. Huntington's massive collection of autographs is also on display.<br />The story of how Huntington amassed these priceless treasures is fascinating: the amount of zeal and money he poured into this endeavor makes for a world class story. Unfortunately, this book doesn't focus enough on this aspect of his life. The narrative becomes slow, plodding and ultimately tedious. One wishes that Thorpe would have concentrated more completely on Huntington's mania for book collecting, a passion to be envied for those of us not blessed with being multi-millionaires. Instead he veers off into areas not particularly interesting, though his history of early 20th century California is exceptional.<br />Huntington's story is not one full of scintillating orgies, nor was he a riveting personal character, like Hearst. But this book paints a rather dour, boring picture of one of the greatest American collectors.
Waite's book is (amazingly) still in print after a quarter century. It's sobering to think so many people put credence in his ridiculous Freudian notions. There is nothing revelatory in this book and the errors are predictable and redundant. Putting Hitler on the couch is nothing new, Walter Langer and the OSS produced the first psychological profile of Hitler in 1943. It is still in print and available on Amazon and is much superior to this effort.<br />The main problem is that Hitler is dead and putting him through psychoanalysis is problematic, to say the least. I have an innate distrust of non-Germans (or non-German speakers) writing biographies of Hitler, so Waite has a leg up in this department since he does speak and read german. The vast majority of Hitlerian documents have never been translated and a non-German speaker tackles the project with a severe disadvantage. But does Waite use his innate advantage? No, he relies on discredited information, outdated sources and throws in some psychological treatises of his own, which lack credibility.<br />Hitler was an extraordinarily complex, complicated personality and the vast majority of historians have missed the mark in interpreting him or understanding him. Waite utterly misses the mark in explaining Hitler's relationships with women. He was hardly a sexual pervert and maintained a monogamous, though neurotic, relationship with Eva Braun for the last thirteen years of his life. The stories in this book of his \\"perversions\\" are stale and the product of propaganda from WWII.<br />If you want a steady, readable and reliable biography of Hitler, I urge you to consult John Toland's masterful 1976 book. Nothing has surpassed it in the 25 years since its publication.
This is the second book in Remini's trilogy and it's an extremely detailed, well-researched book. So many biographers bury their subject and forget that most readers what to know who their subject *was*, not merely what they *did.* Remini doesn't fall into this trap. He gives the reader a well-grounded and detailed look at Andrew Jackson as a man: his foibles, passions and prejudices, as well as his extreme ambition and vacillating brilliance.<br />Remini strikes a beautiful balance when examining Jackson's private life and military/political life. His examination of Jackson's personal life is exceptional, and he weaves Jackson in and out of the narrative with rare poise and skill. The reader can actually picture Jackson in the midst of his political battles, feel his emotions and understand the decisions he made. When a biographer can paint such a vivid picture, the reader will always be rewarded.<br />This is an excellent book for the entire spectrum of people interested in Jackson. Whether you are a neophyte or an established Jacksonian historian, there is much to enjoy, as well as new material. The footnotes and bibliography are excellent resources and lead to additional sources for the reader. Highly recommended.
For all the novice hikers out there, this is your book! This is a fine guide if you have never hiked before in a National Park, or if you merely dabble occasionally in the sport. The maps are excellent, as are the trail descriptions, elevation gains and driving directions to the trail heads. Most of these hikes can easily be completed by even the most unfit hiker, children, or eldery people.<br />However, this is *not* the guide to purchase if you are a serious hiker. I was bemused to see that this book doesn't even contain the quintessential Yosemite hike, Half Dome. Nor does it contain the second-best hike in the park, the Four-and-a-half-mile-trail. In fact, none of the hikes profiled in this Guide are lengthier than a few miles and none would be considered even semi-strenuous. Heed this advice if you're a serious hiker and consult a different guide. But if you're just a casual weekend athlete, or have children in tow, this is a well-written and adequate book for your needs.
This is a great book for anyone who has actually thru hiked the AT, section hiked it, or is just a vicarious AT hiker. I read this book in one sitting over several hours. I simply couldn't put it down. I've read over thirty books on thru hiking the AT and this is one of the best accounts yet. Schuette himself is a thru hiker and his narrative of his own experiences is fascinating. It's truly a great exploration of what goes into the heart, mind, and body of this hiker who made the pilgrimage.<br />Schuette arranges the information neatly by chapter. There are sections on animals, bugs, food, physical preparation and other things necessary to know before embarking on the trail. The narrative flows by smoothly and I was sad as I approached the end of the book because it was so immensely enjoyable. I would recommend this book highly for everyone who dreams of hiking the AT or those have already completed the journey. This is a wonderful and interesting addition to your AT library.
This is an excellent, no nonsense hiking guide. it's the one I use the most often and consult before any hike. John Robinson is one of the gurus of Southern California hiking and his guides are usually dependable, accurate and full of information that will ensure your safety while in the mountains. He provides an adequate history of each hike, driving directions and fairly precise descriptions of where to locate each trailhead. It's important to note that some of his information is outdated; for example, you always must display your Forest Adventure Pass when parking your car in a California National Forest. Robinson doesn't mention this because his guide was written before the Pass became &quot;essential.&quot;<br />Another strength of this book is that Robinson usually provides separate descriptions of various ways to summit, as well as three alternate treks to the peak  and this is a valuable tool for the experienced hiker. He tells you how to get to mt. Wilson by the standard route and then the alternate routes. He does the same for San Jacinto, perhaps the premiere hike in Southern California (as well as the most arduous!) The guide is tailored towards seasoned hikers and if you're a neophyte, this probably wouldn't be your best choice. But if you love to hike and live in the L.A. area, the Robinson guide provides indispensible information. Highly recommended.
Remini writes well but can be a little dry in places, so be warned. He does spend adequate time reflecting upon JQA's prodigious intellect. It's a matter of debate who was our most intelligent President: Lincoln, Madison and Jefferson would certainly garner their share of votes. But John Quincy Adams warrants serious consideration: he was an intellectual titan with an astounding breadth of intellect. He was impossibly well-read, sober, amazingly articulate with a rapier-like ability to demolish opponents or defend his position. It's debatable whether he was, in fact, America's most brilliant President, but this book goes a long way in making that case.<br />Remini wisely delves into Adams' private side and quotes extensively from his own words. If you are looking for a glum recitation of Adams' political life, look elsewhere, this is a more human biography. There was a refreshing amount of material focusing on Adams' boyhood, and the chapters covering his Congressional years are especially interesting. His story reads like something from a novel: failed President transformed into one of the most influential Congressmen who ever serve in the House.<br />My only minor criticism is that Remini does not sufficiently explore or explain Adams' brilliant son, Henry, who grew up to be a caustic and clever chronicler of the late 10th century. Otherwise, this is a solid book, well-written, thoroughly researched and illuminating.
This is not an examination of Richard Nixon, it's a book about the author, Monica Crowley. I can't imagine anyone putting any credence in something which consists exclusively of lengthy quotes from Nixon, when Crowley admits she never used a tape recorder and relied on &quot;after the fact notes.&quot; Give me a break! No one has such a prodigious memory as to remain monologues that lasted over an hour and then claim to reproduce Nixon's thoughts verbatim. Yet Crowley miraculously pulls this off.<br />Richard Nixon was notoriously uncomfortable around women. He wasn't around women, he was distant to his own wife and no extra-marital affair has ever been documented. Yet we are supposed to believe that the aging Nixon would place extraordinary trust in a young woman, tell her his innermost secrets and spend vast amounts of time with her talking geo-politics? It's a wonder that fewer people have questioned the credibility of this account. Though the quotes all sound Nixonian in the extreme, a cynic would cry foul with this anemic effort.
New Mexico is a great state to hike. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Taos, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! It is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a color map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. From desert to mountains, New Mexico has it all. I enthusiastically recommend this gem!
Geoffrey Ward shares the ability of David McCullough, and that is to take a scholarly topic and write about it intelligently and coherently. He also makes the journey fun for the reader and he showcases this ability in this excellent book. FDR as a young man (pre polio) was a very different man from the President he was to become. Polio was the defining moment that both changed FDR and deepended his compassion and understanding for the downtrodden.<br />In this second volume of Ward's Roosevelt trilogy, he illuminates FDR's dominating mother and the problems she caused between Franklin and Eleanor. One almost cringes when the obtrusive Sarah Roosevelt plans her son's honeymoon, buys homes for him (with connecting doors for her to intrude upon)and basically usurps FDR's own decision-making processes.<br />Franklin Roosevelt was not a great man, or a particularly engrossing man when young. He achieved greatness only after tragedy befell him, but Ward sets the stage here for Roosevelt's later greatness. If you're interested in Roosevelt or the flighty, banal rich New York set of WWI and the Washington social scene, then this is your cup of tea. It is also a fine book.
Jean Edward Smith is a competent writer who has produced a relatively error-free and certainly positive look at Ulysses S. Grant, but there is something missing. Grant is an elusive subject and after reading this treatment, he will remain as enigmatic and unfathomable as he has always been. Smith has no background on Grant or the civil war and his limitations show, particularly in such a lengthy tome as this. Much of the book is culled from other (superior) Grant biographies and certain issues, such as Grant's drinking, are treated in a paragraph, when pages are necessary to do justice to the topic.<br />Most disturbing is Smith's propensity to borrow liberally from other authors in his interpretations. Certain sections of this book read similarly to words written by previous Grant biographers. See particularly his views on Grant's drinking, which are similar to McPherson's sections in his book, &quot;Battle Cry of Freedom&quot; (available on Amazon).<br />Smith is strongest in his post-civil war sections and his chapters on Grant's much-maligned Presidency are well-written and contain much needed revisionism. Grant was not the bumbling fool as President as is so often depicted. Smith deftly shows that Grant's years in the White House were not devoid of achievement.<br />Still, the flaws of this book surmount any of the positives. The pacing is poor and only a few scant pages are devoted to Grant's valiant race with death and the publication of his brilliant memoirs. The civil war chapters are fairly flat, with no fresh information or anecdotal material. He relies on dated sources and accepts whatever they offered without critical analysis. There are better Grant books out there and you would be advised to search those out.
Many people who routinely hike in Yosemite inexplicably ignore her lesser known sister park to the South: majestic Sequoia. I have hiked in both parks for 15 years and Sequoia is an outstanding National Park, particularly for serious hikers seeking a challenge. Yosemite's Half Dome remains one of the most beautiful and &quot;must do&quot; hikes in California, but Alta Peak in Sequoia is comparable and its beauty is sheer majesty. You can get greater elevations in Sequoia and the alpine terrain, especially in the early summer, will remind you of Switzerland.<br />This Guidebook is exceptionally useful and small enough to carry with you in your pack as you hike. The maps are detailed, as are the driving directions to each trailhead. The descriptions of each hike are concise, yet sufficiently detailed to give you the feel of each hike before you attempt it. There is little superfluous information, which is a frequent complaint of other hiking books.<br />If you have never visited or hiked in Sequoia, you're in for the unexpected treat of a lifetime. The park is incomparably lovely and the hiking is among the best in the Western states. This guidebook will help you discover the wonders of this underrated National Park.  One caveat: this book only deals with short hikes, suitable for people with a family. Don't expect anything over 5-6 miles.
The photography in this book is superlative and the main reason to purchase it is to admire the lush color photos of Texas's birds. However, I also enjoy the book because it allows me, as a novice birder, to learn to correctly identify various species. This book is much superior to an Audubon guide or a National Geographic Filed Guild to birds because each photo is huge and shows the birds to their best advantage. The photos of the various migrating birds aresimply outstanding!<br />I recommend this book for anyone who has an appreciation of birds in the Lone Star state and wants to vicariously see them through this medium. It will definitely prompt every armchair birder to take to the field and spy these wondrous creatures in their natural habitat. There are several birds I saw in this book which captured my fancy immediately. By seeing these photos, it prompted me to go out and beat the trails and shorelines to see each of these birds up close and &quot;in person.&quot; A great book!
I am a neophyte birder and this book was perfect as a beginning guide in identifying and recognizing common birds in the western region. The other bird guides I have purchased (National Geographic and Audubon) were exceptional, but for a novice, they presented too much information and too many birds. This book struck a nice, comfortable compromise. The photos of each bird are excellent and provide you a good look at the features and characteristics of each. They also tell you succinctly where the habitat would be and where you would most likely see each bird.<br />The best feature was that each bird was divided by color. So if you see a Wilson's warbler in your backyard but don't know for certain if your call is correct, you can quickly thumb to the &quot;yellow&quot; section of the book and see all the yellow birds. Thus you can quickly confirm your identification.<br />This book would have limited, or no value to an experienced birder, but for the beginning birder, this is a fine introduction to the hobby of birding.
This is not a scholarly examination of TR's life, but it's a fun read nonetheless. If you are seeking a reliable and definitive book on TR's early years, the choice is Edmund Morris' 1979 biography. David McCullough's examination of Roosevelt is also essential (both books are available on Amazon). This book is breezy, entertaining and focuses on the home life and personal side of Roosevelt. It would be especially  interesting to those who know little or nothing about Roosevelt, but possibly a mild disappointment to those who are better versed in TR's life. One notes that there isnothing new in the book: no new historical discovery, photograph, insight or theory, yet it's still definitely fun to read and hard to put down. Dalton writes well and uses a feminine insight into this marvelously interesting man.<br />She weaves together a cohesive narrative, though skimpy in TR's post-Presidential years which are absolutely vital to understanding his ultimate guilt and grandeur. The author also is fairly strong in describing TR's two marriages and his complicated and neurotic relationship with eccentric daughter Alice. The narrative is much weaker when it comes to illuminating Roosevelt's years as Governor of New York and the details of his Presidential administration.<br />Roosevelt remains one of the most fascinating, exuberant and fun men in American history, and this book is a welcome addition to the literature on TR.
William T. Sherman was one of the most fascinating, unique characters of the American Civil War. Explosive, profane and brilliant, he was surprisingly cautious on the battlefield and never incured the casualities of either Lee or Grant. Sherman's strength was in manouvering to avoid combat and he generally succeeded.<br />So, how does Sherman hold up as a writer? Surprisingly well. Though the book is not as well-written as Ulysses S. Grant's Personal Memoirs, it is still a solid, riveting piece of work. A small criticism is that Sherman included copious amounts of correspondence which are printed in small letters at the bottom of many pages. The correspondence is frquently difficult to decipher and not especially edifying. The acual text, however, is stellar. Highly recommended.
First, a note of caution. If you're a casual hiker, this book will not be beneficial. This is geared more for the elite hiker or climber. However, if you're in this league, the book is informative, instructive and accurate, Gerry Roach writes well and gives the hiker all the essential information needed to make the trek. I live outside of Colorado and only visit for a few weeks each year, specifically to climb 13-ers and 14-ers. Being unfamiliar with the Colorado roads and most of their trailheads, I necessarily rely on this guide to get me to the trailhead with no hassle and accurate driving directions. Roach has never disappointed me. He gives exhaustive directions and includes a map for each trek. If you need a four-wheel drive vehicle to get to your destination, he will let you know. If you have a drive on a dirt road for 6 miles to reach the trailhead, that information will be included.<br />He also describes the trail conditions, whether it's rocky, has scree, is exposed and has a ranking system for how difficult the hike is. If there is scrambling involved or permanent snow fields, he lets you know. If it's a class 3 hike but listed in other guides as class 4, Roach makes the correction and explains why he feels this way.<br />There are separate chapters on the unique and often volatile weather in the Colorado peaks. This is imperative for out-of-state hikers who aren't familiar with the frequent, violent afternoon thunderstorms in the Rockies. When I did Pike's Peak for the first time, I photocopied Roach's chapter on this mountain and took it with me in my pack, and was glad I did. When the thunderstorms began, I descended ASAP, following his advice. This is an outstanding hiking guide. I wouldn't hike in the 13-ers in Colorado without it and neither should you. Enjoy!
If you're planning on spending just a few days in Munich, then this compact little guide will be indispensible in locating the famous beerhalls and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the U-Bahn in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the beerhalls of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest beer, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Munich or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is solely intended for the casual tourist and there is little, if any, information on the intriguing environs of Munich, including Bogenhausen, Haidhausen and areas of Schwabing. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. Still, this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Munich, enjoy the greatest city in Europe and be sure to tuck away Latja's guide.
This is a surprisingly effective and well-organized guide, with some interesting photos. If you're planning on spending just a few days in Vienna, then this compact little book will be indispensible in locating the famous streets and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the U-Bahn in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the churches of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest food, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Vienna or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is solely intended for the casual tourist and there is little, if any, information on the intriguing environs of the city. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. Still, this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Vienna, enjoy one of the greatest cities in Europe and be sure to tuck away Brook's guide.
I hike rim to rim to rim several times a year in the Grand Canyon, so I know the inner corridor trails pretty well. This book should now be considered the definitive guide for hiking in the Grand Canyon and the strong points of this book are worth noting. The maps are excellent, as are the descriptions of how to get to trail head. However, the book is incomplete in certain areas and outdated. The Grand Canyon has implemented a shuttle system to stem the horrific crowds (I don't see much improvement) and hikers now can't drive to the South Kaibab trail or Hermit's Rest trail. The directions in this book are therefore rendered confusing due to the new restrictions.<br />Most importantly, the authors neglect to stress that in order to successfully complete long hikes at the Grand Canyon, you must be physically prepared. Several times a year I hike rim to rim and then back the next day. This is 24 miles of hiking with some serious elevation gains. Oftentimes I pass many sick, debilitated and unprepared hikers who quite obviously didn't do any physical preparation for this hike. Physically fit people should be able to do it in 3-4 hours coming up, but many are stuck on the trail for 12 hours and suffering. This could be avoided by exercising and hiking for months in advance in order to enjoy and relish the spectacular experience.<br />The author does detail the debilitating and life-threatening heat conditions that exist in the Canyon. I recommend to anyone planning long hikes *not* to attempt them in the summer! Temperatures frequently exceed 110 degrees and heat exhaustion and/or heat stroke can result. The best months to hike in the Grand Canyon are October, November and April.<br />The Grand Canyon (even with the terrible crowds) is a sublime experience and Phantom Ranch is the best part of the canyon. Forget the mule and use your own two feet. It's a magical experience, a great hike and one you will want to do again and again!
I was extremely disappointed in this map, which is incomplete, inadequate and even inaccurate in spots. If you're a casual tourist who is only spending a day in the Bavarian capital, then this map would probably fit your basic needs. But if you're planning on spending a week or more in the city, or if you want to see more than the city center, then avoid the map at all costs.<br />The map shows only the inner city, with few streets shown beyond Briennerstrasse or the Isar. This is simply not acceptable, especially if you want to see anything of the city beyond Marienplatz. There is also some outdated information on the reverse, giving U Bahn stations on the wrong cross streets. This could present clear problems for travelers. I do not recommend this map to anyone unless you're restricting yourself to a small area in the pedestrian-only zone.
John Lennon gave only two lengthy, in-depth interviews in his life. The first was in 1970 to Rolling Stone magazine and his final interview was given in 1980 to Playboy, which is reproduced here. Both are instructive to read, especially when you contrast their tone and content. The Lennon in the 1970 Rolling Stone interview  had just left the Beatles and was trying desperately to convince the interviewer and the public that it just didn't bloody matter. Though history has shown Lennon emerged from the Beatles break-up much more undamaged emotionally than McCartney, the dissolution of his band was bound to leave some scars. John puts up a bit of a front here and I fear he doth protest too much, especially when he says he can't remember much about the Beatles and didn't think they were that great of a band to begin with.<br />In 1980, John was coming out of his self-imposed &quot;house husband&quot; exile and had recorded his first record in five years. The most interesting chapters of the interview are undoubtedly his thoughts about the Beatles and his individual bandmates. Whereas in 1970,  John claimed Lennon and McCartney rarely collaborated on a song post-1964, he corrects this in these '80 recollections. He tells some wonderful stories about Ringo and how he helped George with the lyrics to Taxman in 1966. He also talks about how hurt he was when George omitted reference to him in his memoirs.<br />These interviews should be an integral part of any Lennon collection and makes for some excellent reading. Whether you've grown up on Lennon or are new to him, this is an indispensable tool in trying to understand his mindset just before he was senselessly murdered by Mark David Chapman on the sidewalk in front of the Dakota. What a terribly dark day that was.
I own shelves of hiking guides on Colorado, and this one is near the top of the list. Not only is it informative, instructive and accurate, Malitz writes well and gives the hiker all the essential information needed to make the trek. I live outside of Colorado and only visit for a few weeks each year, specifically to climb 14-ers and the magnificent Rocky Mountain National Park. Being unfamiliar with the Colorado roads and most of their trailheads, I necessarily rely on this guide to get me to the trailhead with no hassle and accurate driving directions. Roach has never disappointed me. He gives exhaustive directions and includes a map for each trek. If you need a four-wheel drive vehicle to get to your destination, he will let you know. If you have a drive on a dirt road for 6 miles to reach the trailhead, that information will be included.<br />He also describes the trail conditions, whether it's rocky, has scree, is exposed and has a ranking system for how difficult the hike is. If there is scrambling involved or permanent snow fields, he lets you know. If it's a class 3 hike but listed in other guides as class 4, Malitz makes the correction and explains why he feels this way.<br />There are separate sections on the unique and often volatile weather in the Colorado peaks. This is imperative for out-of-state hikers who aren't familiar with the frequent, violent afternoon thunderstorms in the Rockies. When I hiked in RMNP for the first time, I photocopied several chapters and took it with me in my pack, and was glad I did. When the thunderstorms began, I descended ASAP, following his advice. This is an outstanding hiking guide. I wouldn't hike in the Rocky Mountain state without it and neither should you. Enjoy!
Living in California, I don't get a chance to hike in New Hampshire as often as I would like. But when I do, I always take this lightweight guide along in my car and in the pack. The best part about the guide is that hikes are described in detail and directions to each trailhead are given in exhaustive detail. This is especially important for out-of-towners who aren't familiar with the back country roads. The authors have hiked each of the trails and they offer pithy comments on trail conditions, the possibility of seeing wildlife and other pertinent information.<br />There is a separate section on the magnificent Cohos Trail, the 200+ mile hike which runs the length of the state. My one slight criticism is the photos, which could be of better quality, but the text, route descriptions and ancillary material are of high quality.
This is a fun little beginners guide to the joys of running. In fact, this just might be the best and most complete book on running since Jim Fixx's mammothly successful book 25 years ago. What I like best about the Bingham's book is that it has something in it for every beginning runner, from the casual jogger to the total coach potato. Each chapter focuses on a special area of the sport: injuries, mileage, women's running, seniors, masters runners, even children developing into competitive athletes.<br />The title is instructive: there is an emphasis on competitive running, with the focus primarily in 10K road races to the marathon. Several of the elite and most popular marathons are discussed at length, incuding Boston, L.A., New York and Chicago. There are some useful tips on how to increase your weekly mileage, avoid injury, carbo loading before the race and recovery afterwards. Having completed marathons, I can tell you that it's easy to do than you think and once you start completing the 26.2 mile courses, you'll be hooked for as long as your body will hold out.<br />Running is a joyous activity and one which brings many individual rewards. If you're a serious, addicted runner, you'll love this book, but the beginners will also reap great rewards because the book it geared towards the novice. It's well-written, fun to read and instructive. Highly recommended.
This is an indispensible guidebook for any hiker who loves Yosemite. I use it almost daily during hiking season and it helps in selecting hikes, planning them, reaching the trailhead and gauging whether a hike will be worthwhile. Each hike contains an accurate, though brief, description of the rigors of each trek. Occasionally I quibble with the authors ranking of a given hike, but usually they are on the mark.<br />A few cautionary notes: there are no detailed maps in the book, except general maps which introduce the hiker to each specific place. Te map for the John Muir trail, for example, is very basic. Don't expect detailed maps for each hike because there are none. The descriptions of how to reach each trailhead are excellent, unless you have little experience with Yosemite.<br />My favorite part of the book is that the Touloume Meadows High Country area is not neglected. Swedo has various categories and list the hikes they think are best suited to be placed in every league and the valley floor is not the only area of the park that is stressed .If you spend any time hiking in Yosemite, this book is essential!
The most enjoyable hours of my life have been spent hiking in Yosemite and Mammoth and this guide is absolutely indispensible for the novice or experienced hiker.<br />The photographs themselves are breathtaking; all in color and printed on hih quality, glossy paper. The photos give you an excellent idea of what each hike is going to look like. I use it almost daily during hiking season and it helps in selecting hikes, planning them, reaching the trailhead and gauging whether a hike will be worthwhile. Each hike contains an accurate and fairly detailed description of the rigors of each trek. Occasionally I quibble with the author's ranking of a given hike, but usually he is on the mark.<br />A few cautionary notes: there are no detailed maps in the book, except general maps which introduce the hiker to each specific place. The map for the John Muir trail, for example, is very basic. Don't expect detailed maps for each hike because there are none. The descriptions of how to reach each trailhead are excellent, unless you have little experience with Yosemite.<br />My favorite part of the book is that the Touloume Meadows High Country area is not neglected, nor the great hikes around Hetch Hetchy.  Equally detailed are the fantastic hikes in Mammoth, including Ediza and Shadow lakes, Duck pass and Valentine Lake. All in all, a fabulous and beautiful hiking guide.
Woodworth is a proven, able civil war historian, but this is one of his weakest books. Instead of concentrating on Grant's relationship with his subordinates, he focuses on mini biographhies of people in Grant's orbit, such as Wallace, Baldy Smith, Sherman and Sheridan. The biographies themselves are no better than what you would find in an encyclopedia and contain absolutely no new or novel information. There is very little material on the personal dynamics between the commander and his minions.<br />Grant's famous feuds with Rosecrans, Pap Thomas and Smith are poorly presented and glossed over without inciteful comment. A golden opportunity is missed here, because these disagreements highlight the most interesting aspect of Grant's relationships throughout the war. In short, a slim and completely unpenetrating look at a subject that is well suited for a lengthy and interesting examination.
The only criticism here is that the editors saw fit to edit this masterpiece of American literature. This is a little like editing Shakespeare or the Bible. Don''t tamper with genius! This criticism aside...<br />General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. A truly oustanding book.'s witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. A truly oustanding book.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. A truly oustanding book.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. A truly oustanding book.
If you had to read one book about U.S. Grant as a man this is it. Horace Porter knew Grant quite well and thought he book was written in 1896, it still retains a vibrancy and modernity to it. Porter wrote the book in an almost conversational style which is entertaining and interesting. Do you want to know how much Grant weighed or how tall he was? What kinds of foods he liked? How about a description of him necking with his wife in full view of Lincoln and his staff officers? Look no further than between the covers of this remarkable book. I guarantee you won't be able to put it down
This is an excellent addition to the Falcon Guide hiking series, and the author adds a touch of humor and class to each route description. The driving directions to each trailhead are detailed and accurate. the route descriptions are similarly packed with information that any hiker can use. If there was a chance of seeing wildlife, Pletcher duly notes it and informs you when the best times are for seeing bears or moose. If you're backpacking, he tells you where to find water and where reliable springs are located.<br />I was a little disappointed that he didn't concentrate more on the 260 mile Long Trail which traverses the length of Vermont. I was looking for information of their shelters and side routes into towns along the way. But for day hikers, this is a good, reliable and handy guide. Recommended.
Living in California, I don't get a chance to hike in Vermont as often as I would like. But when I do, I always take this lightweight guide along in my car and in the pack. The best part about the guide is that hikes are described in detail and directions to each trailhead are given in exhaustive detail. This is especially important for out-of-towners who aren't familiar with the back country roads.  The authors have hiked each of the trails and they offer pithy comments on trail conditions, the possibility of seeing wildlife and other pertinent information.<br />There is a separate section on the magnificent Long Trail,  the 260 mile hike which runs from the Massachusetts border to he Canadian border. My one slight criticism is the photos, which could be of better quality, but the text, route descriptions and ancillary material are of high quality.
This is an excellent &quot;how to&quot; book which is geared towards the novice backpacker. But it's also fun to peruse even if you're a veteran of the trails. Hall writes well and has a good sense of humor about the topic. The way the book is organized is exceptional: each chapter is fairly brief, and there are small &quot;side bars&quot; with additional information on various subjects, such as hydration, bears, food preparation and tending to your gear. If you have never backpacked previously, this is essential reading. I can't imagine attempting any lengthy trek without knowing the info presented here. While much of it is common sense material, there is an abundance of other topics which don't seem to be addressed in other backpacking guides.<br />As for the title, it's misleading. Men can get just as much enjoyment from the book as the ladies. There really is not much gender-specific commentary in the book. If you want a funny, yet absorbing, look at backpacking, this is your book.
This is a simple story of an amazing journey, narrated by a man who writes in a refreshingly open manner. Whether you enjoy walking or not, or whether you have the slightest interest in the geography or social customs of the United States, this book is written for everyone who has a desire to read a beautiful story.<br />In part one of his journey, Peter Jenkins walks across America in this book, with his faithful, tireless companion, his dog Cooper. The dog is an integral part of this story and almost made me go out and buy one of Cooper's breed. He is the epitome of what a dog should be, and canine lovers will adore all the little vignettes about this amazing fellow. Then Cooper dies on the journey, which caused me a few tears. Part two picks up without Cooper, and there there are setbacks, heartaches and crises along the way, but there are also some old-fashioned heartwarming moments as well. The people in the South are especially helpful to a thirsty, hungry traveler. Jenkins' stories of their hospitality is touching.<br />Yes, there are a few sections of the book which border almost on the mawkish and the &quot;aw, shucks&quot; John Denver-ish approach of the main character might seem a little dated or folksy. But I challenge the naysayers to attempt (and succeed) at what Jenkins managed to do, it's an amazing book and one which many people will read in a single evening. One note: Jenkins brings along with wife on this journey, so she sort of &quot;picks up the slack&quot; where Cooper leaves off. Excellent book!
If you're looking for a book from someone who actually has thru hiked the AT, then avoid this at all costs. I was extremely disappointed in the narrative, which is essentially just a jumbled mish-mash of stories culled from AT trail journals. I couldn't believe a publisher would bring out a book with such an extremely misleading title. Lynn Setzer never walked the Appalachian Trail and the style of the book is disjointed, irritating and uninformative. A massive disappointment to anyone who has thru hiked the AT or someday dreams of doing so. I suppose there is some scant merit in the book, and I did actually complete it, but it was a chore.
This hiking guide contains all the required elements for a useful hiking book: excellent driving directions to each trailhead, elevation gains, topographical maps and other random thoughts about each trek. There is an absence of photographs, which is the only reason I don't give this the ultimate &quot;5 star&quot; rating. There is an emphasis on hikes south of Lee Vining, so if you're looking especially at the Bridgeport or Virginia Lakes area, there are better guides out there. But if your speciality is Mammoth and Yosemite, lace up your boots!
While I greatly admire Cindy Ross in accomplishing a thru-hike of the PCT (albeit over 2 years), I was quite disappointed in her writing style. Of particular annoyance was the High School gushing over her husband, whom she married halfway through the book. That became so irritating it nearly made me nauseous. I came to this book with a desire to learn about her hiking experiences, the trail conditions, the stories of resupplying in town, the physical effects of the trek and whatever spiritual satisfaction she gleaned from such an arduous journey. Instead we are regaled with endless (and pointless) tid-bits about her husband and other trail mates.<br />In short, too much extraneous information and not enough of the actual trail experience. Other reviewers have noted that Cindy seems short on humor, and I would concur. While I would never minimize her tremendous accomplishment, her writing style is sophomoric, whiny in long stretches and overly sentimental about relationships and puppy love. Call me a cynic, but this thru hiker didn't move me, even though her accomplishments are inspiring.
I have thru hiked the Muir Trail from north to south and found this book informative and containing some useful information. However, much of the info is of the common sense variety and could also easily be gleaned from the Internet. There is superfluous information on bear canisters, marmots and other hazards that any semi-experience hiker/backpacker would already know. The book is not marketed as being geared towards novices, but there's no doubt it would benefit a beginner and be less beneficial to a seasoned backpacker.<br />The first section of the book consists solely of topographical maps, so the text portion is not especially lengthy. There are route descriptions of each facet of the trail, such as explaining the drop off points, elevation gains and topography of Thousand Island Lake in Mammoth to Tuolumne Meadows in Yosemite. You could do a thru hike without this guide, but if you're the least bit apprehensive, then this would ease your worries.
This is an essential book for anyone who has thru hiked the AT, or is a vicarious thru hiker. Earl Shaffer is the first confirmed person to complete the trail in one season, though a group of boy scouts later claimed they made the entire journey sometime in the mid-30's. Shaffer writes very well, in a phlegmatic, relaxed and spare style. He was an environmentalist and naturalist in an era when few were of the same mindset. As a former WWII GI, he was restless with civilian life and just decided to walk from Springer Mountain to Mount Katahdin. What a pioneer he was, even though he didn't know it!<br />Schaffer describes many fascinating things about the trail and the physical and mental effects resulting from hiking 2,100 miles. Though the journey took place in 1948, there is nothing dated about the book, except the fact that many shelters have been updated or added, and more towns dot the trail these days. This is a great book for anyone addicted to literature on the beloved Appalachian Trail.
Gary Giddins has pealed away the mendacity that has surrounded Bing Crosby in published literature since his death. Bing was pilloried in books by his son Gary, and painted in other biographies as a philandering, cold-as-ice misanthrope. Finally Crosby fans can embrace a book (read by Edward Lewis), which contains much positive information on one of the greatest and most influential Americans icons of the 20th century. Bing's brilliance has been inexplicably eclipsed since his death. Hopefully, this book will introduce the Crosby magic to those who have never been exposed to it.<br />Without Bing Crosby, popular music would not sound the way it sounds today, it's that simple. When he first started singing with Paul Whiteman's band in the 20's as a member of the Rhythm Boys, all vocalists sounded the same: weak-kneed tenors warbling through megaphones, ala the insufferable Rudy Vallee. Bing's mellifluous, effortless baritone became the standard by which every other singer strove to emulate: Sinatra, Como, Dean Martin and every other singer initially copied Bing.<br />Giddins correctly emphasizes Bing's influence on 20th century pop culture. He was a vocal innovator par excellence and his jazz phrasing, timing and cadence remains unmatched. Giddins also explores in great depth Crosby's numerous affairs, his tortured marriage to the alcoholic Dixie Lee, and brings out some interesting gossip: did you know Bing smoked pot regularly with Louis Armstrong in the early 30's? No more Mr. Goody Two Shoes!<br />I've loved Bing Crosby all my life and have waited a lifetime for an intelligent and readable biography. Gary Giddins is an excellent writer and researcher and he has created a minor masterpiece. This is an essential addition to any Crosbyphile's bookshelf. The audio version is excellent, you'll enjoy listening to the book while commuting to work.
The standard and obligatory questions about Rudolf Hess are: did he fly to Scotland with Hitler's knowledge? Was he crazy during the Nuremberg trials and afterwards as well, and was he murdered? If you're insane or hopelessly ill-informed, you might also throw in the question whether he ever had a double. Unfortunately, Padfield asks these questions but is too ill-equipped historically to answer them. He is totally out of his depth here and it shows. He relies on Wolf Hess' testimony on many things when he needs to examine the historical record instead. The overwhelming abundance of evidence shows that Hess flew to Scotland in 1941 without the Fuehrer's knowledge, that he was perfectly sane throughout his life (though eccentric) and that the notion of him having a &quot;double&quot; is ludicrous.<br />This book is not especially well-written and contains almost nothing new. The autopsy photos of Hess are revealing but hardly show &quot;conclusively&quot; that he was murdered. There is very little material on Hess' long confinement at Spandau, nor about his early life. His relationship with Hitler is not explored adequately with the possible exception of their time in Landsberg prison. In short, a disappointment.
I admit I approached this book with some trepidation. After all, Stephen Ambrose is considered the definitive Ike biographer, and I doubted that D'Este could do proper justice to Eisenhower. Boy, was I mistaken. D'Este writes well and weaves together all the characters in the Ike saga with effortless skill. The pro-Eisenhower prejudice which occasionally mars Ambrose's books is completely lacking here. The author respects Ike but plainly sees his shortcomings and faults. He gently argues that an essentially desk-bound general such as Ike can never be considered the equal of a battlefield general like Robert E. Lee or U.S. Grant.<br />There is plenty of material here about Ike's famous disagreements with the bombastic Monty, as well as his views on Patton, Bradley and the other members of SHAEF. Also included is material on Ike's relationship with his driver, Kay Summersby. Did they or did they not &quot;do&quot; it? D'Este will tell you. I recommend this book for students of WWII or Eisenhower. It's very readable and factual.
David McCullough is a masterful story teller and biographer of American icons. His book on Harry Truman is considered his best, but this look at the young Theodore Roosevelt is quite good. The major criticism of the book is that McCullough spends an inordinate amount of time on TR's parents, neither of whom are especially interesting. There is also an enormous amount of background material on the Oyster Bay wealthy clique, their customs, habits and privileged manners. This can get boring pretty quickly.<br />But the majority of the text is rightly devoted to TR, who is as fascinating a man who ever lived. It's all here: his ability to speak languages, his amazing memory, the fact he read a book every day, his passion for the outdoor life, his years at Harvard. His romances are here as well, including his early passion for eventual wife Edith, whom he threw over for his first wife, Alice.<br />The book ends after Alice's death and TR retreats for two years to emotionally heal in the Badlands. If you have an interest in TR, this is an essential, &quot;must have&quot; book. It does bog down in too many details early on, but the bulk of the book is excellent. Recommended!
Reuth claims he embarked on this biography of Hitler's Propaganda Minister because there weren't any good books on Goebbels. Not only is this balderdash, his offering is the weakest Goebbels biography in recent memory. The writing style is extremely pedantic, plodding, slow-as-molasses and tedious. Goebbels was an extremely complex, brilliant, devious man, but you'll not encounter much of him here. Reuth inexplicably chooses not to use the copious 1920's Goebbels diaries, which David Irving included in his infinitely superior biography of &quot;the little dwarf.&quot;<br />This book is heavily weighted towards Goebbels role in WWII Berlin, which is curiously among the least-interesting periods of his life. Utterly glossed over are the most engrossing years of the &quot;Kampfzeit&quot; in the 20's, where Goebbels was a discipline of Gregor Strasser and then only came under Hitler's spell once he met him. Then it was no turning back. There is shockingly little interest displayed here in Goebbels' fascinating private life. Magda, his wife, is scarcely mentioned, nor is Lida Baarova, the Czech actress that Goebbels fell in love with in 1938.<br />A chilly, disappointing read. Not recommended.
John Eisenhower's book on the Mexican War persuaded to me to purchase this book and I am glad I did. Eisenhower writes extremely well and always in an entertaining, informative style. This ability to convey details in a personal way enhances this splendid look at Ike in the pivotal period 1940-1945. Though John didn't see too much of his father during this turbulent times, he obviously knows much behind the scenes information which he now imparts to the reader.<br />This isn't a full-scale biography of Ike (consult Ambrose for that), but rather contains different chapters on famous military personalities in Ike's orbit. These include the pompous MacArthur, who said of Eisenhower in the Philippines, &quot;He was the best clerk I ever had,&quot; Patton, Bradley, Churchill and Monty. General Montgomery was, of course, an insufferable prig and egomaniac, and John details the delicate path Ike had to traverse in keeping the Brit in check. He also reveals many of Ike's thoughts and movements prior to June 6, 1944, D-Day for the Allies.<br />I highly recommend this book to all who admire Eisenhower, to any WWII buff or anyone who admires taut, well-written historical prose. A great read.
I suppose the target audience for this slim little volume on Hitler's Propaganda Minister is for teenagers, or perhaps for people with a minimal interest in the subject matter. There is no way to do justice to Goebbels in 112 pages, especially when the font size is large and the lines are triple spaced. Goebbels was an extremely complex, brilliant, devious man, but you'll not encounter much of him here. Roberts inexplicably decided not to conduct any real research for this book, or include any primary source material. He used very little of Goebbels' WWII diaries, and uses nothing from the 1920's diaries, which David Irving included in his infinitely superior biography of the man.<br />Certain aspects of Goebbels public life are almost entirely ignored, such as his oratorical capacities, his &quot;Totaler Krieg&quot; speech in 1943 Berlin and his editorship of the Nazi Party newspaper. There is emphasis upon Goebbels' knowledge of the Nazi genocide, but there still is no original material or analysis. A disappointing book all around.
Kay Summersby produced this book while dying of cancer. It was actually ghostwritten, but based on material she provided the shadowy author, who writes extremely well. In fact, it's very difficult to put this one down and I have read it several times over the years. Kay paints fascinating word portraits of various WWII personalities she met, including the profane and hilarious Patton, the bombastic Monty, the loquacious Churchill and the shy Omar Bradley.<br />Of course the most interesting character is Ike himself. There is no doubt Kay was utterly besotted with Eisenhower. She was wildly infatuated with him, as well as being physically attracted to him. How Ike felt about Kay is more nebulous and one can't dismiss the hundreds of love letters Ike penned to Mamie during the time he was entwined with Kay. The fact that Ike's staff denied he was sexually involved with Kay doesn't count for much; for a discreet couple, it's easy to fool outsiders.<br />Kay writes of two thwarted sexual encounters. Both occurred in public houses where people could presumably walk in on the amorous couple. Their first attempt at being intimate was in England, but Ike couldn't perform. He apologized profusely for this failure, but Kay assured him still she still loved him anyway. Their second attempt at consummation was after VE Day, in Germany. Kay claims that clothes were wildly discarded and they tried to get down to business... but again, Ike was unable to complete the act. Poor Kay!<br />Historians debate whether this is all wishful thinking. One might question why a woman would invent a situation where her would-be lover is impotent. If you're going to lie, why not go the whole nine yards and invent passionate couplings all over WWII Europe? Indeed, the dialogue Kay invents is more upsetting that her sexual depictions. It's hard to imagine Ike grabbing her and saying, &quot;God-----, Kay, I love you!&quot; Or fantasizing about having a baby with her. This sounds like pure fiction.<br />Despite all these problems, it's still an incredibly interesting book. You either accept Kay's romance with Ike or you believe she invented it all. I tend to think he was extremely attracted to her but was too uptight to commit adultery, especially with his chauffeur. Still, an excellent read.br />Despite all these problems, it's still an incredibly interesting book. You either accept Kay's romance with Ike or you believe she invented it all. I tend to think he was extremely attracted to her but was too uptight to commit adultery, especially with his chauffeur. Still, an excellent read.
I'm one of those vicarious PCT thru-hikers who merely has section hiked portions of the grand trail. Bob Holtel hiked the entire way and his journey is epic and makes for a great read. I devoured the entire book in one sitting and was a little depressed when I was finished. Holtel writes very well and it's as if you're with him throughout every painful mile. When he can't find water for an evening, you're thirsty along with him. When he spies a black bear meandering across the path, you see the animal as well. He really has a story teller's gift and this book is nirvana for anyone who has actually thru hiked the Pacific Crest Trail or who has aspirations of someday doing it.<br />From the border of Mexico all the way up to Washington, you're in step with Holtel without a boring or wasted word. This is a gripping book and an infectious reading experience.
These two screen giants met on the set of Woman of the Year in 1942 and were together until Spencer died of a heart attack, shortly after wrapping up Guess Whose Coming to Dinner in 1967. This book chronicles their remarkable, romantic pairing in an era where a movie star's private life could remain hidden from a prying public. Spencer was married to a devoted Catholic, Louise, and he refused to divorce her. He also felt a tremendous sense of guilty about his deaf son. So marriage was out of the question, but Kate didn't care, she just wanted she be with Spencer, and she was, following him all over the world to sit worshipfully at his feet.<br />Andersen dutifully chronicles the nine classic Tracy-Hepburn films and gives some intriguing behind-the-scenes glimpses into each movie. There is also much information about Tracy's legendary bouts with the bottle, his brief fling with Gene Tierney in the early 50's and Kate's affair with Howard Hughes in the 1930's. All the bases are covered, but I wish Andersen would have interviewed more people close to the duo. Still, an engrossing read and essential for anyone enamored with either Spencer or Kate.
This is an incredible read, an essential addition to any Watergate buff's library. The bulk of the book consists of transcripts from conversations Nixon had with his advisors during the Watergate break-in and its aftermath. All of the material is recently released and there's no doubt why the Nixon daughters desperately want this stuff suppressed: it paints their father with a viscerally black brush. We all know Nixon was a paranoid loner, brilliant but erratic, and distrustful of everyone around him except Haldeman and Ehrlichman. These tapes show conclusively that Nixon also demanded total sycophancy from his inner circle, that he was a racist, an habitual liar and someone with a pathological need to deceive.<br />Bob Haldeman and Alexander Haig come off as complete toadies; worthless &quot;yes men.&quot; Ehrlichman comes across better, as does Magruder, but the worst abuse must be heaped on Henry Kissinger, who appears as a quasi-insane boot licker of the highest order. It's incredible to see these men constantly assure Nixon that he was always right, always clever and completely above the law. How wrong they all were.<br />The most delicious parts are when Nixon speaks himself. He is unintentionally hilarious, as he plots to &quot;get&quot; various reporters, wiretap his enemies and harass anyone who gets in his way. His diatribes on Howard Baker and Sam Erwin are the stuff of classics, you'll be on the floor, laughing. &quot;That senile old b------,&quot; Nixon growls about Erwin. &quot;He's half in the bag every waking moment, the miserable a------.&quot; This is a grand book, highly entertaining!
I usually detest these types of books, which are written by business executives trying to pose as top-flight historians. But I was surprised and pleased by Axelrod's approach to FDR, and this would be an excellent book for people new to Roosevelt. The author assembles various quotes from Roosevelt and then applies them to real life situations we all face and fret about. Of course FDR was born with a silver spoon in his mouth and was a spoiled, coddled young man. The polio that struck him at the age of 39 was the great leveler and it transformed Franklin from a \\"feather duster\\" into a truly great man. Axelrod leads the reader down the path of Roosevelt's life, dispensing the major details and eliminating all the superfluous fluff. This results in a tight, well-written book.<br />It's fashionable in today's political climate to trash Roosevelt and trot out oodles of mis-information about the greatest President of the 20th century. Thankfully, this little book sets the record straight on a great and essential American.
Reeves is a master chronicler of events and no occasion of the Nixon Presidency, however incidental, is missed here. The book is long on details relating to the professional side of Nixon, but I was disappointed that there was a lack of personal anecdote within the covers of the book. Of course RN was an inscrutable, moody, paranoid and ultimately unknowable man, but I would have liked more material on Pat Nixon, as well as Tricia and Julie. Reeves quotes copiously of Nixon's own self-serving memoirs but doesn't include much primary source material on Nixon as a human being.<br />The strong points are the chapters on Watergate and the gradual demise and destruction of RN as President. The ancillary characters of Watergate all get their just due: Halderman, Ehrlichman, Mitchell and Dean are described in sometimes sympathetic but occasionally, brutal detail. Reeves shows masterfully that Nixon dissembled and lied to the bitter end, not to the American people, but most disturbingly, to himself. It's well-written and full of detail, just don't expect much on Nixon the man. Otherwise, an enthusiastic thumbs up
John Lennon gave only two lengthy, in-depth interviews in his life. The first was in 1970 to Rolling Stone magazine and his final interview was given in 1980 to Playboy. Both are instructive to read, especially when you contrast their tone and content. The Lennon in this book had just left the Beatles and was trying desperately to convince the interviewer and the public that it just didn't bloody matter. Though history has shown Lennon emerged from the Beatles break-up much more undamaged emotionally than McCartney, the dissolution of his band was bound to leave some scars. John puts up a bit of a front here and I fear he doth protest too much, especially when he says he can't remember much about the Beatles and didn't think they were that great of a band to begin with.<br />In 1970, John was in the midst of his Arthur Janov primal scream therapy and he talks about this at great length. If you're primarily interested in the Beatles, then you might wish to skip over this section. The most interesting chapters of the interview are undoubtedly his thoughts about the Beatles and his individual bandmates. Read this with caution, however. This was the same year Lennon penned the visceral anti-Paul ode, How Do You Sleep? His caustic comments about Paul would soften a trifle by 1980, as he himself admitted in the 1980 Playboy piece. There is also some intentional untruths here, such as when John says Lennon and McCartney rarely collaborated on a song post-1964. He corrects this in his '80 recollections. He tells some wonderful stories about Ringo and how he helped George with the lyrics to Taxman in 1966.<br />I first read this book at the age of 8, when it was published. It's remained an integral part of my Lennon collection and still makes for some excellent reading. Whether you've grown up on Lennon or are new to him, this is an indispensable tool in trying to understand his mindset at the critical juncture of his life.
I own shelves of hiking guides, but this one tops the list. Not only is it informative, instructive and accurate, Gerry Roach writes well and gives the hiker all the essential information needed to make the trek. I live outside of Colorado and only visit for a few weeks each year, specifically to climb 14-ers. Being unfamiliar with the Colorado roads and most of their trailheads, I necessarily rely on this guide to get me to the trailhead with no hassle and accurate driving directions. Roach has never disappointed me. He gives exhaustive directions and includes a map for each trek. If you need a four-wheel drive vehicle to get to your destination, he will let you know. If you have a drive on a dirt road for 6 miles to reach the trailhead, that information will be included.<br />He also describes the trail conditions, whether it's rocky, has scree, is exposed and has a ranking system for how difficult the hike is. If there is scrambling involved or permanent snow fields, he lets you know. If it's a class 3 hike but listed in other guides as class 4, Roach makes the correction and explains why he feels this way.<br />There are separate chapters on the unique and often volatile weather in the Colorado peaks. This is imperative for out-of-state hikers who aren't familiar with the frequent, violent afternoon thunderstorms in the Rockies. When I did Pike's Peak for the first time, I photocopied Roach's chapter on this mountain and took it with me in my pack, and was glad I did. When the thunderstorms began, I descended ASAP, following his advice. This is an outstanding hiking guide. I wouldn't hike in the 14-ers in Colorado without it and neither should you. Enjoy!
If you love the incomparable Kate as much as I do, then you've spent your life being disappointed by the printed material about her. The Kanin book had depth but scant content, Kate's own two books told us precious little about herself and were deliberately vague. But this book by Scott Berg is the real deal.<br />To me, the most fascinating aspect of Katharine Hepburn was her legendary 26 year relationship with Spencer Tracy, the love of her life. It was only after Louise Tracy, Spence's widow, died in the early 80's that Kate finally felt comfortable to speak about Spencer in public. She spoke about him at great length over the years to Berg and he recorded her thoughts and conversations so we all can now savor them. Kate tells the familiar tales: how they met in 1942 on the set of Woman of The Year, the struggles with his alcoholism, the guilt he felt over his son's deafness, but she also reveals some new material. She confesses she never wanted to marry him and that Spence once struck her in the face when she was putting him to bed at the Beverly Hills Hotel in the early 50's. Did she confront him and expect an apology? Nope, Kate explains it wouldn't have done any good and Spencer had forgotten about it the next morning. Another example of her typical New England no nonsense approach to life.<br />Berg gently tried to coax Hepburn into revealing her feelings about Spencer's brief affair with Gene Tierney, but Kate wouldn't bite. Throughout the book, Hepburn expresses her pride and adoration of Tracy, the man she said was as good and basic as a baked potato. The strongest parts of the book undoubtedly revolve around the Tracy-Hepburn partnership.<br />Berg also gets Hepburn's reactions to various stars she worked with. She disliked John Barrymore, who barged into her dressing room naked in 1933 (she told him firmly to get lost). She loved working with Henry Fonda and, rather surprisingly, John Wayne. There's also some hilarious material about Michael Jackson and his \\"friendship\\" with Kate, which developed somewhat improbably in the middle 80's. Scott Berg met Jackson and the gloved one gushed how he was Hepburn's biggest fan. However, when Berg asked Michael what was his favorite Hepburn movie, he couldn't name a single title! Amazingly, Hepburn still had MJ visit after this painful admission.<br />My one criticism of the book is that Berg talks too much about himself and this did grate on the nerves. When he went off on a multi-page tangent about himself and his own accomplishments, I just skimmed and resumed reading once Kate reappeared.<br />Still, this is a marvelous read, a book you can easily complete in an evening. If you love Kate, this will be nirvana. If you know little about her, it's still essential reading to understand one of the great female cultural icons of the century. An amazing woman!his \\"friendship\\" with Kate, which developed somewhat improbably in the middle 80's. Scott Berg met Jackson and the gloved one gushed how he was Hepburn's biggest fan. However, when Berg asked Michael what was his favorite Hepburn movie, he couldn't name a single title! Amazingly, Hepburn still had MJ visit after this painful admission.<br />My one criticism of the book is that Berg talks too much about himself and this did grate on the nerves. When he went off on a multi-page tangent about himself and his own accomplishments, I just skimmed and resumed reading once Kate reappeared.<br />Still, this is a marvelous read, a book you can easily complete in an evening. If you love Kate, this will be nirvana. If you know little about her, it's still essential reading to understand one of the great female cultural icons of the century. An amazing woman!
This is a little-known but delightful gem of a book. The inimitable Eleanor Roosevelt was a prolific author, but this effort is among her very best. Forged by adversity throughout her life, Eleanor was born into a privileged, wealthy family. Her father, Elliot, was Theodore Roosevelt's brother.<br />My favorite chapter is \\"The Right to Be an Individual.\\" Mrs. Roosevelt stresses that individuality is something to be prized, yet people want to remain safe, surrounded by a group. She stresses we should strive against this and always be true to ourselves. This is a simple, yet eloquent philosophy. The entire book is full of wit, wisdom and some profound bits of advice. I am a better person for having read this book and I think everyone can take something meaningful from its pages.
Russell Freedman has done a masterful job with this Lincoln biography, primarily intended for younger readers. Though touted as a &quot;photobiography,&quot; there are not an abundance of Lincoln photos, though there is an excellent assortment of photographs of the time period, as well as pictures of his wife and children. The Lincoln portraits that are printed are among the greatest Brady albumen's ever taken of a prominent person, and show Lincoln's world-weary countenance in the face of the raging storm of the Civil War.<br />Freedman writes well and he focuses on Lincoln as an individual. I was pleased to see so much space devoted to Lincoln's complex relationship with Mary Todd, the woman who became his wife. The adversity this couple endured is sobering: the loss of Eddie and Willie at young ages, Lincoln's melancholia and spells of profound depression, as well as the strains of the Presidency. Who can imagine the torment of trying to keep a nation together while millions of American boys died in combat? The strain Lincoln endured is beyond imagination. Freedman tries to have the young reader put themselves in Lincoln's shoes. This is an instructive technique. Freedman also devotes considerable time to Lincoln's special father-son relationship with Tad, and his account of the assassination is excellent.<br />Readers of all ages can glean something from this book, but the target age range would be from 10-15. For young people first starting to learn about Lincoln, look no farther than here. This is a first-rate example of biography for the younger audience.
This is not a full-scale biography of Harry Truman, but it would serve as a fabulous introduction to him. This is a short book, but contains a wealth of personal anecdotes, quotes and compilations from Truman's private conversations and letters. It's so refreshing to reflect upon Truman, a politician who almost always said what he thought and did what he thought best. There was no posturing with him, no p.r. campaigns, no manipulating the media. Every morning he would take his 2 mile stroll (at a clip of 15 minutes per mile, not bad for a man over 60), and the press would be running after him, hoping for a quote for the morning paper.<br />Also included in the book is information on Truman's close relationship with this anchor, Bess, as well as their daughter, Margaret. The famous episode where Truman attacked a columnist for ridiculing Margaret's singing voice is included. If you're unfamiliar with this, it will definitely make you laugh! Truman was rough around the edges, yet a highly skilled and intelligent man; he was well-read, articulate in a plain sort of way and an astute judge of character. His opinions on Ike and MacArthur justify the purchase of this book. Enjoy!
Yes, you read that correctly. This guide is so brittle and dry it's extremely frustrating. The Devil's Postpile area of Mammoth has a trailhead which leads you to heaven, literally. The Agnew Meadows and PCT criss-cross this area and these trails are as beautiful as any place in this hemisphere. Would you know it from this overly technical, ZZZZ-ville narrative? Nope. The authors take a place so astoundingly beautiful and reduce it to just another locale, a sort of ho-hum place you might encounter while strolling in the plains of Kansas. But Mammoth is not just any place, it's a spectacular place, a hiking paradise, a one of a kind wonder!<br />The map is excellent but doesn't justify the purchase of this book. The map itself is still current, even though it was produced in 1927. The mountains haven't changed, but boy, have the trailheads changed. There is also a shuttle system implemented in the past year and it will cost you $14 per couple to hit these trailhead, unless you want to ride the bus. This is vital information which is not included in this book.<br />To sum up: see Mammoth and hike it for yourself. Don't put any credence in this outdated, obsolete, dry-as-a-bone book.
The canard that the Democrats ran Roosevelt in 1944 knowing he was desperately ill is a canard. Obviously he wasn't in the best of health as any newsreel of 1944 showed plainly. He was in a wheelchair, suffered extreme hypertension and was under the crippling stress of running a World War and winning it for the Allies. Roosevelt himself was well aware that he was deteriorating physically and went to considerable prains to disguise his condition. He strained the limits of his endurance by riding in the rain in a covertible from the streets of NYC in Novemeber, 1944, to show the world he still had it. The after-effects of this little folly were significant. Of course FDR also traveled halfway around the world to Yalta to meet Churchill and Stalin, exposing himself to the extreme rigors of travel under adversity. The salient point is, you don't change horses in the middle of the stream, especially under the epic conditions posed by World War II.<br />There is no conspiracy element to any of this. His doctors concealed from him the truth of his medical condition because Roosevelt wanted it that way. When physicians discovered his blood pressure was dangerously high, they merely doused him with medication without informing him of his malady. The same rationale was used in concealing his heart failure from him. Roosevelt was an extremely concealing man and didn't want to be burdened with &quot;superfluous&quot; medical bad news when he was consumed with the gargantuan task of defeating Hitler and Tojo.<br />A point to consider is this: it was imperative to run FDR in 1944, to conclude the war and win the peace. Tragically, FDR died in April, 1945, and it was left for Harry Truman to preside over the fall of Germany and Japan. I would argue that even a health-impaired Roosevelt was head and shoulders above the two candidates the Republicans offered up in 1940 and 1944. Is there anyone who thinks Wilkie or Dewey could have led America in this crisis as well as the inimitable FDR? This is an interesting, informative book. It's well-written and not laden with medical or technical jargon. Highly recommended.e FDR? This is an interesting, informative book. It's well-written and not laden with medical or technical jargon. Highly recommended.
Beschloss writes extremely well, in a breezy, chatty, informal way that makes it seem as if he's sitting in your living room, narrating the story. He takes complicated events and reduces them to human terms and even a history novice could comprehend this plot as it unfolds. The star of the show is undoubtedly Franklin Roosevelt, the most important personage of the Big Three and arguably, the most interesting. Roosevelt's leadership during WWII is extremely difficult to criticize, because he surrounded himself with magnificent minions, led by the incomparable George C. Marshall. FDR's military meddling was minimal, his judgments on subordinates superb. Contrast his military selections (MacArthur, Ike, Halsey, Nimitz, Bradley), to Lincoln's (Hooker, Pope, Burnside, McClellan, etc.) FDR's personal charisma and tireless devotion to duty in WWII saved the day. <br />Beschloss spends considerably less time on Truman and the well-known facts about the plain from Missouri are repeated: he knew virtually nothing about FDR's war plans in 1945, nothing about the atom bomb and his knowledge of Churchill and Stalin was minimal, to say the least. FDR kept Truman in the dark as Vice President and the two had only met together several times prior to Roosevelt's death in Warm Spring in April, 1945.<br />A weakness of book is undoubtedly Beschloss' lengthy segments on the Morgenthau plan. Though this is important in the scheme of things, it doesn't make for interesting reading. Much stronger are his personal references to the main characters. He includes some little-known facts about FDR's dying moments, including some interesting tid-bits about his cousin, Mrs. Suckley, Eleanor and his mistress from the WWI era, Lucy Mercer. This is an excellent book, sure to please any World War II or FDR buff.
This is a short guidebook devoted to a subject that deserves volumes: hiking in beautiful Lake Tahoe. This guidebook focuses on a very narrow area of the lake, the South Side, and ignores the Nevada side almost totally. This is an irritating omission, even if the majority of great hikes are on Tahoe's south side. There are also some slightly out-of-the-way hikes (like Desert Rose) which are omitted from the book. The predominant focus of this book is on short, easy hikes, the kind of little forays families can take with their children. Thus the most famous and classic Tahoe hike, Mount Tallac, is not mentioned because it's rated as too strenuous. Tinker Knob, at 14 miles, is also ignored.<br />These omissions will unsettle veteran hikers with endurance. But for many more casual folk, this guide will fit their needs to a &quot;T.&quot; If you're interested in short, scenic and not very strenuous outings, then Stone has provided you a piece of Nirvana. His descriptions of the trailheads and directions on how to reach the hikes are adequate and accurate. He also dispenses advice on bug repellent, sunscreen, band-aids and proper footwear. If you decide to embark on some of these short treks, and your fitness level is good, I urge you to tackle more ambitious peaks at Tahoe, the hiking here is beautiful and among the best in the state. Happy hiking!
This is a delightful book and will be enjoyed by adults as well as children. John Muir was a remarkable man and I was surprised that he was also a truly gifted writer. Muir writes in a fun, infectious style similar to Mark Twain. He infuses all of his tales with vivid descriptive words and a dose of humor. It's a pure joy to read and shows what an incredibly courageous, physically fit man he was. I decided to buy this book because for years I have hiked larged sections of the famous John Muir Trail in California. The scenic beauty is so overwhelming that it stimulated my interest in the man for whom the trail was named. All I knew was that Muir was a Scottish-born enviromentalist who had lost his sight and then miraculously regained it. But there is so much more to his story than this.<br />This book will fill you in on many of the adventures Muir experienced. It's amazing that he was able to forge trails and do the things he did in an era when convenience was unheard of. He mapped out the wilderness with nothing more than a compass, a hard set of leg muscles, basic clothing and no comforts. Muir didn't rely on sunglasses, sunscreen, maps, granola bars or cell phones, he was the &quot;real deal&quot; and my respect for him is endless. I can't recommend this book highly enough, it's a joy to read and to learn about this magnificent and underrated man.
This is the best and most complete book on running since Jim Fixx's mammothly successful book 25 years ago. What I like best about the Glover's book is that it has something in it for every runner, from the casual jogger to an elite marathoner. Each chapter focuses on a special area of the sport: injuries, mileage, women's running, seniors, masters runners, even children developing into competitive athletes.<br />The title is instructive: there is an emphasis on competitive running, with the focus primarily in 10K road races to the marathon. Several of the elite and most popular marathons are discussed at length, incuding Boston, L.A., New York and Chicago. There are some useful tips on how to increase your weekly mileage, avoid injury, carbo loading before the race and recovery afterwards. Having completed marathons, I can tell you that it's easy to do than you think and once you start completing the 26.2 mile courses, you'll be hooked for as long as your body will hold out.<br />Running is a joyous activity and one which brings many individual rewards. If you're a serious, addicted runner, you'll love this book, but the beginners will also reap great rewards. It's well-written, fun to read and instructive. Highly recommended.
John Muir is one of the greatest and least appreciated men of the paste 150 years. His fierce determination to preserve the wilderness was a gift to us all. This book does him justice in all ways. Not only is it beautifully written and crafted, the author's empathy and understanding of Muir is evident throughout. Naturally there is an emphasis on Muir's tremendous conservationist efforts, but I was pleased to see material on his early years in Scotland and the emigration to America. Ehrlich also discusses in some detail Muir's loss or sight and his spontaneous restoration of sight. An incredible story in itself.<br />Most of the book is devoted to Muir's tireless environmental work in California. His (ultimately futile) battle to save Hetch Hetchy is described in painful detail. His triumphs are also chronicled, including his epic hiking adventures, trail forging and wilderness activism. This is a first-rate biography of an outstanding human being, and hero to envioronmentalists everywhere.
Though this book is better in the original German (it loses something in the translation), Hamann is a diligent researcher who has unearthed some new facts about Hitler's period in Vienna. She uses primary sources and archive material without merely rehashing what other biographies have written in the past. The Franz Jetzinger book from the 50's is still the standard, definitive version of Hitler's Vienna years, but Hamann does a nice job and weaves in some new material. She also adroitly dismisses some claims from other German authors who have inaccurately written about Hitler's relationship with early roommate, August (Gustl) Kubizek. Thankfully, Hamann doesn't indulge in psychoanalyzing Hitler, which is sort of a deranged cottage industry amongst more recent Hitler biographers.<br />One small criticism is that Hamann veers away from Hitler too frequently. There is a plethora of material about Vienna's political climate in the 1910's, its mayor, the origin of anti-Semitism in the city and other ancillary details. Though all of this is relevant to Hitler, one wishes she would have stayed a bit more on topic. Still, the book is interesting, informative and devoid of errors. If you want to learn more about the young Hitler, this is an acceptable choice.
There have been countless photographic books on Hitler and the Third Reich, but Lorant's book is the absolute best. Published in 1974, it remains the standard by which other books in this genre be judged. The quality of the photos is unsurpassed; their clarity is enhanced by being printed on thick, glossy paper. Books simply aren't published with this standard today, it would be too expensive. The narrative is also excellent and instructive. Lorant lived in Munich throughout the 20's and saw Hitler milling about many times. They ate at the same restaurant, the Cafe Heck, and Lorant watched the young politician throughout this turbulent time.<br />The photos span a generation from Bismarck, to the Kaiser and finally to Hitler. The bulk of the book focuses on Hitler and there are many previously unpublished photos, as well as candid shots of the Fuehrer and his entourage. The photo of Goering playing tennis with a hair net is a classic! Lorant was always a respected photo journalist, his books on Theodore Roosevelt and FDR are other must have photo tomes. But I rank this as his crowning achievement, an essential book for any Third Reich historian.
It's one of my dreams to eventually thru-hike the PCT and I gobble up everything written about this magnificent trail. This book is not so much of a practical guide to the PCT, it's more of a history of the trail. It contains much information on wildflowers, the actual building of the trail, wildlife along the way and other bits of information in this vein. It doesn't contain a detailed description of various sections of the PCT, so it's not especially useful to someone about to start this adventure. If you're simply into the &quot;thinking about it someday&quot; stage, or planning a thru-hike in the next few years, then the book is relevant and interesting. Section hikers, like myself, can derive much useful info from several chapters.<br />The photos are all in black and white, but are stunning, especially the ones near Mammoth and Yosemite. I would have liked it had Berger given more personal experiences and thoughts about her own thru hike, but she sprinkles bits of wisdom and experience throughout the narrative. If you're about the embark on this classic adventure, this book probably won't assist you on your way. But if you just like to read about the Pacific Crest Trail and delight in thinking you'll undertake this journey someday, then this is right up your alley.
This is a book geared more towards novice hikers than experienced ones. If you're new to the sport and have never laced up your boots, then this guide will help you immeasurably. There are fitness tips and other essential bits of information that you should know. However, if you're an avid, experienced climber, then this book probably won't help you a great deal. So much of the material is well-known to people who've been hitting the trails for awhile. Examples of this are reminders to take extra socks, sunscreen, trekking poles and insect repellent. While these tips would benefit a newbie hiker, such information is superfluous to most others.<br />There are no photographs, but each hike is described in detail and there is an accurate map and trailhead information included for each trek. There is an emphasis on easier, shorter hikes, but the tough &quot;butt kickers&quot; like Shasta, Baldy, San G., Alta Peak and Whitney are not forgotten. There is a ranking system for each hike in terms of difficulty and in general, the system is fair and judicious. Perhaps it errs on the side of being overly generous on what is difficult and what hike is a stroll in the park. In short, a good guide, particularly for beginners.
So many people love Benny Goodman's music, but know so little about the man himself. Hopefully, all of you Benny aficionados will take a crack at this excellent, well-written biography. Firestone has done copious amounts of research, interviewed many people close to BG and has produced an absolutely definitive look at the King of Swing. From cradle to grave, this provides readers with information on Benny as a musician and also as a(oftentimes difficult) human being. If you want a detailed musical analysis of Goodman, you will find it here, but there is also a gossip-y element which adds considerable spice.<br />Firestone illuminates Goodman's jazz beginnings, the early sidemen gigs in the 20's and then the genesis of the Swing band in the mid-30's. It was great to have thumbnail portraits of the great musicians Benny's early bands, they're all here: the frenetic, pot-loving Gene Krupa, the arrogant Harry James, the gentle Teddy Wilson and the phenomenal Lionel Hampton. At the core is Goodman himself, an extremely hard task master, perfectionist and driven man. Firestone details how nit-picky Benny could be, demanding take after take on various album cuts until it all sounded &quot;perfect.&quot; Goodman's notorious cheapskate ways are also detailed.<br />If you love Goodman's music, then treat yourself to discovering what Goodman was like behind the scenes: difficult, ambitious and addicted to prescription pain killers in later years. Yet despite it all, who could swing like this man? No one.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
The photographs of the PCT by Bart Smith will take your breath away. I've section hiked long parts of the PCT and the sheer beauty of certain parts is etched in my mind forever. This book brings back a flood of memories and makes you feel as if you're back on the trail, enjoying all the stunning vistas, meadows and expanses of wildflowers. Though the photos are the backbone of the book, there is also an interesting narrative by Karen Berger, who has written several other thru-hiking books about the PCT. Berger tells about her own hiking experiences on the trail and the text is never intrusive, merely instructive and entertaining. She narrates a story about her time spent near Thousand Mile Lake near Mammoth and alongside is a stunning color photo of the lake.<br />Anyone with an interest in the Sieraa range, the PCT, hiking or who simply enjoys beautiful photographs, will gravitate to this guide. Rarely have so many sumptuous pictures been grouped together in one volume. If you're not a hiker, this book very likely will persuade you to get in shape and hit the trail. The vast majority of scenic wilderness in the United States can never be seen from a car window. You must lace up your shoes and get out there. I highly recommend this book for its simple beauty and awesome photos. If it persuades one coach potato to explore the endless beauty of California, then it's worth its purchase.
Beschloss writes extremely well, in a breezy, chatty, informal way that makes it seem as if he's sitting in your living room, narrating the story. He takes complicated events and reduces them to human terms and even a history novice could comprehend this plot as it unfolds. The star of the show is undoubtedly Franklin Roosevelt, the most important personage of the Big Three and arguably, the most interesting. Roosevelt's leadership during WWII is extremely difficult to criticize, because he surrounded himself with magnificent minions, led by the incomparable George C. Marshall. FDR's military meddling was minimal, his judgments on subordinates superb. Contrast his military selections (MacArthur, Ike, Halsey, Nimitz, Bradley), to Lincoln's (Hooker, Pope, Burnside, McClellan, etc.) FDR's personal charisma and tireless devotion to duty in WWII saved the day.<br />Beschloss spends considerably less time on Truman and the well-known facts about the plain from Missouri are repeated: he knew virtually nothing about FDR's war plans in 1945, nothing about the atom bomb and his knowledge of Churchill and Stalin was minimal, to say the least. FDR kept Truman in the dark as Vice President and the two had only met together several times prior to Roosevelt's death in Warm Spring in April, 1945.<br />A weakness of book is undoubtedly Beschloss' lengthy segments on the Morgenthau plan. Though this is important in the scheme of things, it doesn't make for interesting reading. Much stronger are his personal references to the main characters. He includes some little-known facts about FDR's dying moments, including some interesting tid-bits about his cousin, Mrs. Suckley, Eleanor and his mistress from the WWI era, Lucy Mercer. This is an excellent book, sure to please any World War II or FDR buff.
So many Beatles-related books trot out the same photos, again and again. You all know the ones I'm talking about. But this book is decidedly and refreshingly different. I have many Lennon biographies in my library and this book contains many previously unpublished photos of John, especially ones from his childhood and in the period 1975-1980. The paper quality in the book is exceptional and is thick, glossy material which results in a stunning display of black and white vibrancy. The text is incidental but adds flavor and gives you the year each photo was taken.<br />The photos of the Beatles are a little weaker, and contain many previously known shots. But the individual pictures of John are outstanding. Consider the beautiful profile view on the cover of the book, taken in 1967. This is just a sampling of what this treasure trove has to offer. There are many other such nuggets within the covers. Any serious fan of John Lennon will adore this book and get many hours of pleasure perusing these photos of a great cultural and musical icon. John himself would scoff at such a description, but it's oh so true.
How well I remember when this book was published in 1977. I was a teenager and hardly anyone I knew jogged or ran for pleasure. In those days it was rare to see anyone on the street actually doing exercise. With this book, Jim Fixx revolutionized the world of exercise, and especially the sport of running. This book precipitated the running boom of the late 70's when every granny laced up her New Balance's or Saucony's and hit the streets. Jim Fixx was an overweight business executive who began running simply because he wanted to improve his tennis game. He loved running so much that he gave up tennis to concentrate on increasing his weekly running mileage.<br />Fixx writes extremely well and it's still hard to put this down. It's held up remarkably well in the intervening 25 years and the information is still current and just as riveting as it was back then. Fixx has special chapters on kids running, women, senior citizens, injuries and the Boston marathon. He spends considerable detail on expounding upon the magical &quot;runner's high&quot; which occurs on runs lasting more than 45 minutes. Based on considerable personal experience, I will say that the runner's high is freequently elusive, but you'll know when you get it.<br />Jim Fixx died of a heart attack in the late 1980's while running on a quiet Vermont road. Unfortunately, this became the butt of some late night jokes made by overweight comics thinking it was ironic that a running guru would die of a heart attack. But Jim Fixx has the last laugh: he helped usher in the running boom and cement this avocation in the lives of millions of people. This is an outstanding book, as interesting and readable as it was when it was first published all those years ago.
Everything Bill Harry publishes on the Beatles is always a high quality, well-researched effort and this is no exception. It's not hyperbole to say that this book contains virtually everything you ever wanted to know about Lennon; the details are prodigious, and it spans over 1,000 pages of text. It's an almost day by day chronicle of Lennon's life from 1940 until his tragic death in 1980. Casual fans might suffocate under the weight of all this info, but for Lennon fanatics, like me, this is nirvana.<br />The book is equally divided between personal material about John, his relationships, marriages, divorce, and two sons, and his professional career. His partnership with Paul is explored in exhaustive and fascinating detail and no discernible bias can be seen. Bill Harry has written about all of the Beatles but one can never tell which one is his favorite. That's a notable strength in his writing, he has no agenda or axe to grind, he just presents the glorious facts of the Fab Four. The index is easy to follow and cross-referenced so you can easily find what you're looking for.<br />If you are a serious fan of John Lennon, this is an indispensible guide to his songwriting, personality and his life. If only he had been allowed more than 40 years on earth, how many more classic songs would he have written? Sadly, we will never know, but this celebration of his life is as good as it gets.
This is a mindlessly bad book, I'm only giving it a generous 2 stars because of the chapters on George's solo career. Amazingly, George has yet to attract a quality biographer or someone who will put in diligent research to capture his essence and character. Shapiro conducted one (you read it correctly) interview and has no understanding whatsoever of the Beatles or their incomparable history together. The errors are contiunous throughout, some of the minor, some of the them not, but their collective weight dooms this travesty.<br />Everything in the book up until 1970 is merely re-hashed from previous, superior, Harrison biographies. There's nothing new, no novel analysis, nothing. The same trite stories we've heard since 1963 are repeated, with the mistakes intact. Shapiro does improve somewhat after the Beatles demise and George's solo career is not glossed over. Still, there is an absence of any depth throughout. What did George think of Lennon's assassination, how did that tragic event unfold in George's mind? You'll get no answers here, except to say George was paranoid about his security after 1980. What about George's relationship with Clapton after Eric married Harrison's ex-wife, Pattie? Again, nothing.<br />George Harrison was one-fourth of the greatest musical group in the history of man. That alone makes him a compelling subject, but you'd never know it from reading this dismal book.
A cautionary note: don't buy this book expecting it to help you do a day hike of Mt. Whitney on the main trail. This is not that type of book and doesn't contain much information about this. This guide mainly focuses on other peaks in the Eastern Sierra Nevada range and concentrates on alternate routes to the Whitney peak, such as Cottonwood lakes and the routes via the John Muir trail. There's also some interesting information on the Meysan Lakes trailhead and instructions on how to summit Whitney via this diffuclt and little-used trail (as least all the way to the summit).<br />If you like many maps and topographical information, this guide is great. They also have small elevation maps which detail the route and how many feet you have to ascend on any given trail. There is a long history of Mt. Whitney, from the first time it was climbed in the 1860's until now. Sometimes this history gets a little wordy, I felt, but if you want to know personal details of the hiker killed by lightning in 1904, then you will emjoy the extra verbiage.<br />So, if you're planning a day hike of Whitney, this book is not for you, but if you're a multi-day backpacker with a thirst for maps and the history of the region, then you'd enjoy this guide.
The somewhat neglected Beatle gets his just rewards in this beautifully produced book which is memorable chiefly because of the photographs. Many are by noted early Beatle photographer Dezo Hoffman and they are stunning and previously unpublished. I have hundreds of Beatles books and this one comes into its own solely because of the weight and merit of the photos. The text is another matter. There are several glaring errors (George and Patty were not married in 1965, but a year later) and the analysis of George and Eastern mysticism is a not quite accurate. The description of Harrison's personal friendship with Ravi left something to be desired.<br />In addition, this is revisionist history and it's understandable, since the book was hustled into circulation on the heels of George's untimely death. But it's a stretch, to put it mildly, to place Harrison in the same league as Lennon & McCartney as a songwriter. Ouch! I love George as much as anyone, but still expect truthful history to be written.<br />Another nice aspect is that much space is devoted to George's post-Beatles career, a period which spanned more than 30 years and left us with some magical songs. It was wonderful to see much text devoted to George's relationships with Dylan, Petty, Orbison and Jeff Lynne. If you are a George fan, this is an essential contribution to your library.
This is a good hiking book to have along with the Robinson California hiking bibles. Jerry Schad is an experienced hiker who has done all the hikes described within the text. He has a nice little ranking system for each journey, from ranges from one star for easy treks and 4 stars for the strenuous ones. I do think his ranking system is just a trifle soft. Some of the hikes that get 4 stars aren't really that difficult, nor do they have exceptional elevation gains. But this is a minor criticism.<br />The maps are OK, nothing exceptional, but he does adequately describe how to drive to each trailhead. As all hikers know, this can make or break a hike, especially ones you've never before attempted. Schad does a good job in getting you to the trailhead with the least amount of hassle. There is an over-abundance of hikes in the Santa Monica and Santa Ana mountains and not a particular emphasis on the better hiking adventures in the San Bernardino wilderness areas. His descriptions of two classic Southern California hikes are both flawed, however: the venerable San Gorgonio is described only from the Vivian Creek trailhead and (a more egregious omission)- the Mt. Baldy hike is described only from the ski lift way. The other approaches to Baldy are much superior, but are omited. This is a curious error.<br />All in all, a good book and one which every hiker in the L.A. area should own.
If you love Sinatra, you gotta love this no-holds-barred gossip session with George Jacobs, a man who knew Frank as his valet and worked for him for decades. I've read plenty of tell-alls regarding the Chairman, and most of them are predictable and merely dish the dirt we already know about. But Jacobs was in a unique position to gather incredibly large gobs of gossip and retain the memory into old age. I, for one, am grateful for the chance to read these wildingly entertaining recollections. If you want dirt on the Rat Pack, you'll find it here. Dino was nothing like his public persona, Lawford was a cheap coke-addicted fool and Sammy was... well, you'll have to read it for yourself. Sammy comes off badly here, something of a racist against his own race.<br />The portrait of Frank that emerges is that of a curiously insecure, frightened man. He was a monstrously talented fellow (as we all know), but he was also someone afraid to get older, afraid someone would notice his wig or make-up or afraid the younger women he bedded might prefer someone with a little less mileage. He had affairs with all these women because he was insecure and wanted to prove something, as least this is the author's spin. Jacobs details Frank's hundreds of conquests, from a teenage Natalie Wood, to Juliet Prowse and Monroe. Also here are Frank's wives, with the exception of Barbara Marx, who entered the scene after Jacobs had been sacked. It's obvious Jacobs respected and liked Ava Garder very much; she is the only person in here who isn't slammed or vilified and his gossip on her is pretty restrained.<br />If you're looking for a musical biography of Sinatra, read Friedwald's book. But if you want sex, women, emotional hang-ups and pure, old-fashioned dirt on Hollywood, then this is your book, baby!
This book purports to be the definitive Mitchum biography, but that's difficult to do when you have not interviewed his widow or any of his sons. Other people important to the Mitchum legend are absent in the narrative and list of interviews. Bob was a cantankerous, enigmatic, distant man and he was extremely difficult to know. Cutting through the layers of insecurity and Mitchum's deliberate obfuscation is a daunting prospect, but this biograpy fails at its fundamental purpose: to explain the subject to its readers.<br />The strong area os the book is in describing (sometimes in minute detail), Mitchum's various screen performances. These desciptions are interesting but devoid of many human interactions. I would have been interested to know about Mitchum's off-screen relationships with his co-stars: how did he and Deborah Kerr get along, or Polly Bergen? Unless Mitchum had an affair with a co-star, there isn't much about them within these pages and that was disappointing. There is a similar lack of material on his male co-stars, with the exception of John Wayne.<br />As for the gossip angle, forget it. Much of what's here we already knew: the pot bust, the booze binges, the hell-raiser lifestyle and the endless array of women. Mitchum was gorgeous, sexy and as masculine as they come, but why did his affairs always end up badly and why were they usually so short in duration? Answers to these types of questions aren't to be found.<br />If you want a fairly clinical disection of Mitchum with an emphasis on his acting ability, then you will savor this effort. But if you want a more personal revelation, look elsewhere.
I love Macca as much as anyone, but this entire \\"Avant Garde\\" trip he's been on the past five years has reached its limit with the publication of this book. What began with the ridiculous Barry Miles book reaches its dismal heights here. All of this is a result of Paul feeling insecure and discarded after John's death. He quite rightly decries those few cretins who proclaim, \\"Paul contributed nothing to the Beatles, he merely booked the studio.\\" That balderdash is refuted by the fact that most of the Beatles truly great songs were penned solely by Paul. A list, you ask? How about Here, There and Everywhere, Yesterday, Let it Be, Eleanor Rigby, Hey Jude, For No One, to name but a few.<br />Paul can never attain John's status. For one thing, he's alive and John is not. Macca should count his considerable blessings that he's not a martyr and he should get over the fact that a large segment of intelligent, discerning Beatles fans will always prefer John's style and John's songs. John was the Avant Garde pioneer of the group, Paul wrote beautiful, catchy melodies. They complimented one another to a degree never seen before or since in popular music. McCartney can never win in any posthumous competition with Lennon and all of these self-serving books merely addresses his own insecurities.<br />I adore Paul, but enough is enough. The book is a waste of time and merely rehashes everything from the Miles book. Anyone who seriously buys into the clap-trap that the lyrics to C Moon are as great as I am the Walrus or Come Together needs to get some therapy.
This book was published in 1968 and was written by the grandson of General Grant. US Grant III had unique access to Grant family papers and other material not generally known by outsiders or historians. Curiously, Grant used very little of this insider material and instead produced an extremely flat portrait of his illustrious namesake grandfather. There is absolutely nothing new and Grant trots out absurdly long passages from his grandfather's memoirs in an obvious effort at padding the book. Much of the material is taken almost directly from Grant's illustrious Personal Memoirs. There is no critical analysis of events and of course the narrative is so uncritical as to be fawning. One would naturally expect a certain degree of bias, but this is hagiography.<br />Grant III also drops the ball in another area. He was four years old when the elder Grant died in 1885. In interviews he sometimes spoke about his recollections and personal memories of him when he was a child. These memories would have enlivened this otherwise dead tome, but he inexplicably chooses not to include them here. Considering the position Grant III was in and his unrestricted access to anecdotes and material denied to outsiders, this is a crashing, numbing disappointment. This is a missed opportunity of the highest order.
This is the definitive look at the last year of General Grant. Pitkin writes well and the book is well-researched, factual and reliable. The narrative begins when Grant bites into a peach in the summer of 1884 and thinks an insect has stung him in the throat. In fact this was the first signal that he was suffering from throat cancer. Pitkin guides the reader through the maze of pain and suffering Grant endured while writing his magnificent memoirs. You will learn about his near-death episode in April, 1885 when the doctors believed he was about to die. Instead Grant miraculously ralied and lived another three months, enough time to complete his book.<br />Also included are descriptions of the important personal relationships in Grant's life. You will meet his four children, his devoted wife, and Mark Twain, the man who adored Grant and who became his publisher. Anyone who reads this book will come away with a renewed appreciation for Grant's valor, courage and tremendous ability to withstand pain in order to provide a financial legacy to his destitute family. I highly recommend this book, it's exceptional.
Bruce Catton was the man who salvaged Ulysses Grant's flagging reputation in the 1950's and 60's, and restored him to his deserved place in the pantheon of America's greats. Catton wrote a marvelous trilogy of Grant's military career and also wrote this little gem which is, by a wide margin, the best introductory work ever written on Grant. This isn't intended for people who are civil war historians or who have a vast knowledge of Grant. It's meant for those who know little about Grant and are curious to learn more. Look no further than the pages of this book.<br />Catton understands Grant nearly to perfection, and this is a hard task given his subject's inscrutible nature. He admires him tremendously and the reader will undoubtedly share his feelings by the end of the book. Grant was an immensely likeable, honest and decent man; he loved his wife, his children and his country and sacrficied immensely for them all. One weakness here is that Catton gives very short shrift to Grant's Presidency; he seems to run out of gas a trifle after Appomattox.<br />If you are new to Grant and want to learn more, this is *the* book to purchase. You won't be sorry.
I purchased this book because I admire Carol Buckley's work at the Elephant Sanctuary in Hohenwald, Tennessee. For several years, I watched the heroine of this book, the Asian elephant Tarra, on the Sanctuary's website &quot;Elecam,&quot; which records the elephants movements during the day. I vicariously fell in love with Tarra from watching her daily movements and was determined to learn more about her past life. This book provided me with a loving history of Tarra, how Carol came to meet her as a baby, purchased her and eventually take her around performing for the next 15 years.<br />But Carol Buckley had a conscience and a heart. She realized that Tarra was sick and tired of her life as a captive circus elephant. Even though Tarra was treated better than 99.9% of other circus animals, she still grew bored and frustrated with a life pleasing humans and living isolated from others of her own kind. The black and white photos of Tarra with Carol show her life as a performer. Finally, Carol was able to do something few of us are able to achieve: she was able to live her dream by creating a Sanctuary for abused, homeless and unwanted Asian elephants (soon to include African elephants as well). Tarra was the first inhabitant of the Sanctuary, and she was soon joined by others. The book also documents Tarra's happy new life in the company of other female Asian elephants.<br />This is a heartwarming, true story of Tarra and Carol. For anyone who loves elephants and is a compassionate soul, this is the book for you. Hopefully other needy elephants will someday get the opportunity of living in Hohenwald and getting to know both Tarra and Carol. Great book!
Earl Schenck Miers will never win any prizes for being a respected military historian, but this book on the Vicksburg campaign has definite merit. If you're seeking a purely military analysis of the campaign, this will not meet your needs. But if you're more interested in the human side of the conflict, then Miers delivers the goods, particularly when it comes to the person of Ulysses S. Grant, the most integral figure in the Vicksburg saga. Miers writes sympathetically and with grace about the Union's greatest general. He has an inherent understanding of Grant's simple, shy, pleasing nature. Miers writes with great accuracy and perception about the marriage between General and Mrs. Grant. This was an unusually happy arrangement and Grant was always uneasy when she was not around him.<br />When this book was published in 1956, it created a furor amongst Grant's descendants and some historians. Why? Miers related an incident where Grant imbibes too much on a steamer and has to be put to bed to sleep it off. Fifty years ago such accusations made the fur fly, but no more. There are better books on the Vicksburg campaign and don't expect any military speculation or analysis here. But if your main focus is on Grant, then Miers does a commendable job.
Gun wrote this book in 1967 and it remains the definitive look at Eva Braun. He employed the John Toland philosophy of historical writing, which is to seek out, interview and delve into the memories of people who actually knew Eva Braun. Thus Gun contributed greatly to our understanding of Braun because he interviewed her two sisters, her mother and her best friend, Herta Schneider. Their information is priceless and of course, they are all since deceased.<br />Gun makes very few factual errors and these are trivial in nature. He takes the reader through Hitler and Eva's first meeting in 1929 up until their joint suicide in the Berlin bunker. Perhaps most importantly, Gun provides ample evidence that Hitler was not the sexual pervert, homosexual, or impotent puppet that other, more recent, books purport to &quot;prove.&quot; Gun amply shows that Hitler was normal sexually and he and Eva had a pretty pedestrian, average private life, devoid of whips, chains, or other perversions.<br />This remains an excellent biography of Eva Braun. I recommend it highly.
This is a simple story of an amazing journey, narrated by a man who writes in a refreshingly open manner. Whether you enjoy walking or not, or whether you have the slightest interest in the geography or social customs of the United States, this book is written for everyone who has a desire to read a beautiful story.<br />Peter Jenkins walks across America in this book, with his faithful, tireless companion, his dog Cooper. The dog is an integral part of this story and almost made me go out and buy one of Cooper's breed. He is the epitome of what a dog should be, and canine lovers will adore all the little vignettes about this amazing fellow. Of course there are setbacks, heartaches and crises along the way, but there are also some old-fashioned heartwarming moments as well. The people in the South are especially helpful to a thirsty, hungry traveler. Jenkins' stories of their hospitality is touching.<br />Yes, there are a few sections of the book which border almost on the mawkish and the &quot;aw, shucks&quot; John Denver-ish approach of the main character might seem a little dated or folksy. But I challenge the naysayers to attempt (and succeed) at what Jenkins managed to do, it's an amazing book and one which many people will read in a single evening. One note: there is a second part to this narrative, which encompases the rest of the journey across America. This book is also available on Amazon.
This is an indispensible guidebook for any hiker in California. I use it almost daily during hiking season and it helps in selecting hikes, planning them, reaching the trailhead and gauging whether a hike will be worthwhile. Each hike contains a ranking system, one for the beauty of the hiking, the other for the difficulty factor in reaching the summit. Occasionally I quibble with the authors ranking of a given hike, but usually they are on the mark.<br />A few cautionary notes: there are no maps in the book, except general maps which introduce the hiker to each specific region. Don't expect detailed maps for each hike because there are none. The descriptions of how to reach each trailhead also leave a little to be desired. A few I have found to be outdated, but in a book including 1,000 hikes, that's to be expected. Plan accordingly and expect a few glitches. There are also some outstanding hikes that are (inexplicably) not included in the book. One prime example would be the Lone Pine campground to Lone Pine Lake hike near Mt. Whitney. This omission is a curious one, but one can't expect one book to cover every hike in a state as large as California.<br />My favorite part of the book is the ranking system used at the beginning. The authors have various categories and list the hikes they think are best suited to be placed in every league. For example, they have \\"butt kickers\\" and \\"most beautiful views.\\" Again, many readers might quibble with their choices (is the view from the summit of Whitney really anything special?) but they are correct more often than not. If you spend any time hiking in California, this book is essential.
The inherent problem with this book is that it's stretched too thin and tries to cover to many personalities. Charles Dana and Greeley are ancillary players in the civil war drama; there's enough material on Grant and journalists to warrant a study of him alone. In addition, Charles Dana deliberately muddied the historical waters by having others ghostwrite his memoirs and constantly changing this stories or giving conflicting testimony about various events.<br />Maihofer writes well and certainly displays a prejudice in General Grant's favor. There are few factual errors and the pace is lively. However, the book would have been improved had he restricted the narrative to U.S. Grant and eliminated Dana and Greeley. Ultimately this makes for a somewhat disjointed book and one is sorely temped to skip over the chapters with the two minor supporting players.
The color photographs alone make this a &quot;must have&quot; guidebook if you enjoy hiking in Colorado. Each hike is described in some detail with a ranking of how strenuous each trek is considered. The text is concise and to the point, but gives an adequate feel of each hike. There is at least one color photo for each journey and the photos are simply superb. Many such photos were the sole reason I decided to hike some of these mountains and I was never disappointed. You can literally spend hours just pouring over the incredible photos.<br />The quality of the book is superb. The pages are heavy glossy paper and the paperback binding holds up after major 1,000+ mile car journeys I've made with the book thrown in the backseat. If you buy one guidebook about hiking in Colorado, make it this one. I highly recommend it for the description of each trail and the stupendous photographs.
This is the standard book in assisting novice Whitney hikers to the summit. If you have never hiked the main trail to Whitney, or if you want to try the alternate routes, then this is a a well-written guide, with insight from an experienced hiker and climber. There is ample information on how to secure a permit for the main trail, when to contact the Ranger Station and additional info on the annual May lottery.<br />However, there are some problems with the author's descriptions of various other trails and this is imperative to point out. For example, the Meysan Lakes chapter claims that anyone can summit Mt. Whitney via the Meysan Lakes trailhead. This is problematic at best, and a falsehood at its worse. There is a trail to Meysan Lakes, but there is *no trail* afterwards until you hook up with the main Whitney Trail. The author fails to mention that an any hiker attempting the middle sections of this trail must have developed route-finding skills and this section would be a class 3 hike. This is omited from the book and consequently, could cause hikers somes serious problems.<br />I also quibble with the author's assessment of what is difficult and what is not. I've summited Whitney many times and regard a time of 11 hours (when not trail running) as pretty swift. However, the author says that \\"standard\\" or average time in hiking Whitney is 10 hours for a day hike. This is a little elitist and only well-conditioned hikers make it in that time. This also presents novices with faulty information. When they struggle to get done in 16 hours, they might rely on this book's information and regard that time as pathetic.<br />So be careful with this guide and the information contained within. I still recommend it, and the elevation maps for each trail are interesting. I respect the author, who has summited Whitney via the various routes described and who has even done Everest. But check around with others before attempting any trail aside from the main one and best of luck.ck.
The only people who would enjoy this book are those who are convinced that aliens have abucted them and hijacked them to other universes. This book is pure science fiction from start to finish and poorly written fiction. Let's get down to brass tacks:<br />The evidence that Hitler and Eva Braun died in the Berlin bunker at 3:30 in the afternoon on April 30, 1945 is irrefutible. Both commited suicide. There are multiple eyewitnesses who saw the  corpses and who survived to tell the story, either in Russian captivity, on American TV or to dozens of different historians over the years. All saw Eva Braun dead and saw her incinerated in the garden of the Chancellery.<br />Only the most perverted and uneducated mind could possibly believe for a single milesecond that Eva Braun escaped from the Bunker. Aside from the fact that almost no one escaped alive and got into the American sector at this impossibly late date, what would Eva's motive have been? Hmmm?? She risked her life by traveling to Berlin to die at Hitler's side. He rewarded her loyalty by marrying her the day before their joint suicide. According to the author, Eva then (inexplicably) deserts Hitler and successfully escapes from the Bunker?<br />Never mind that this is a physical and emotional impossibility for her. Forget that there are no eyewitnesses, either in the Bunker or anyone who saw her alive after 4-30-45. Let's sweep under the carpet that Eva, a devoted family person, never bothered to visit or see her parents again, or her two sisters, Gretl or Ilse.<br />This book is insulting in its premise, torpid in style and ridiculous in all areas. Avoid it like the plague, it's pure fantasy.
This book is a novel written by a cousin of Eva Braun, who never met Eva until 1944. She spent a few weeks at her side, but admits in interviews that she never met Adolf Hitler, nor did she ever speak to him. Even more insulting to the reader is that Eva never spoke about Hitler to her cousin. The reader is then forced to ask, \\"What is the point of this book?\\"<br />The answer is... nothing. Being a blood relative of Eva Braun doesn't entitle one to write a book which contains nothing whatsoever of interest, either historically or emotionally. The content is desultory and devoid any new nuggets on Hitler. Though it's written with reasonable skill, the end result is boredom for the reader. Had the author not been related to Eva Braun it would never have found a publisher, and that would have been the most pleasant outcome of all.
Readers expecting a plethora of new information on Hitler will be sorely disappointed. Von Below is a pedantic, careful and very dry reteller of history and his memoirs seem contrived in points and highly self-serving. Many reviews point out that von Below never heard Hitler mention the Jews or the death camps, but this is quite believable. Hitler compartmentalized all personal relationships and why would he mention these any atrocities to his Luftwaffe adjutant?<br />Von Below doesn't really tell us anything new about Hitler, and his personal anecdotes are tragically few. He comes up with some pithy observations on Goering and Goebbels, but it's frustrating that he doesn't elaborate more on Hitler, his entourage, or the inner workings at the Berghof, the Chancellory or in various wartime HQ's.<br />The book's main flaw is that it ends almost mid-word and mid-sentence. There is no explanation of what happened to von Below after the war, he simply stops the narrative and packs up shop. Very curious indeed. One improvement over the German-language version is the addition of notes, an expanded index and some editorial inclusions. Another weakness is that von Below was never close to Hitler, nor part of his intimate personal entourage. His transactions with Hitler were generally of a military, not personal, nature, but don't expect many fireworks in this dry tome.
If you're interested in Hitler's life in Munich and want to visit the city and track down his old haunts, then this book will be right up your alley. I can't imagine there's a high demand for such a specialized work, but I first purchased this in 1989 in Germany and found is very useful.<br />Munich was Hitler's favorite city, where he had his apartment at 16 Prinzregentenplatz, where he had his &quot;Stammtisch&quot; at the Osteria Bavaria and the Cafe Heck, and where he spent the bulk of his private time after WWI. It was here that he met Eva Braun and where he provided her with a home at 12 Wasserburgerstrasse in Bogenhausen. All of these places still exist and can be visited by the curious. This book will aid you in your journey, as it contains detailed maps and descriptions of many Hitler-related venues in the Bavarian capitol.<br />Increasingly, people are discovering that despite massive Allied bombing, Munich is, in some places, remarkably unchanged from the period when Hitlerlived here. Few places are as evocative or unchanged at his pre-war apartment, at 41 Thierschstrasse. If you want directions on how to get there, purchase this book and follow the map. You'll be walking in history's footsteps.
Yes, this book carries a hefty price tag and its paltry number of illustrations grates a bit on the nerves. But the content within the covers is absolutely amazing. Any serious fan of Bing will beg, borrow or possibly steal this tome because it's fasincating and detailed.<br />Do you want to know where Bing was or what he was doing on May 12, 1941? Easy, just flip to the entry for that date. The littlest bit of trivia is included and it makes for sometimes amusing reading. Bing caught four fish on this date in 1956, he played 36 holes of golf at the Bel Air Country Club on this date in 1942... it's all here. It's incredible to realize how multi-faceted Bing was and what a full life he led, truly something to be envied.<br />Rounding out the book is a complete discography and an index which is complete and easy to follow. This is a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone seriously interested in the career of this laid-back, phlegmatic legend. I highly recommend this beautiful volume.
Max Domarus intitially published this book in Germany in the early 60's and this is the first attempt at translating this massive work. The results are a mixed bag. This set is obviously intended only for people with a serious interest in Hitler. The price alone with preclude any casual readers from investing in these volumes.<br />The books contain many of Hitler's speeches and these oftentimes make boring reading. Hitler was a superlative orator, but without him delivering the words, they invariably fall flat. It is scarcely edifying to read Hitler's speeches and that is what the bulk of this set is all about. However, Domarus' includes his own remarks and editing, all of which are superb. He includes little vignettes about Hitler's entourage, daily habits and private life, and his insights are both informative and accurate.<br />So if you're seriously into this period of history and have a strong willingness to shell out big bucks for some superb editing, then this is your baby.
Hans Baur was Hitler's pilot from 1932 until his death in 1945. He had unique personal access to Hitler and spent many hours in his presence. Unfortunately, Baur is not a particularly gifted storyteller and his personal characterizations of Hitler and other leading Nazi figures leaves something to be desired. Baur's memory is also highly suspect, as his years in Russian captivity proved conclusively. Baur continually changed his story, mis-remembered salient points in history and just plain forgot the gist of many historical moments.<br />Still, the memoirs are are interesting read. Baur gives his reflections and opinions on such diverse people in Hitler's entourage as Eva Braun, Goebbels, Himmler, Goering and Hess. He narrates the story of when he begs Hitler to flee Berlin in April, 1945 and allow Baur to fly him to safety. Hitler says wearily, &quot;I will die here in Berlin.&quot;<br />Unfortunately, Baur doesn't tell much about losing his leg and spending 11 torturous years in Russian captivity. Now that would have been fascinating! Another missed opportunity, but there's enough interesting material elsewhere to justify the purchase of his recollections.
Initially I was flabbergasted that anyone would reprint this epic work from 1879. I have the original two-volume set and in its original form it is dated, to say the least. The voluminous set contained so much filler material that it resembled an elaborate travelogue when General and Mrs. Grant appear only occasionally. In thousands of pages of text and line drawings, Grant appears in only 25% of the total pages.<br />However, this new edition is edited by Michael Fellman and he does quite a nifty job in eliminating the extraneous material and retaining the essentially great elements of Young's original volumes. The heart of the book is Grant's table talk, where he spoke with rare candor about some of his civil war contemporaries such as Lee, Longstreet, Jackson, Sheridan and Sherman. These comments still resonate today, and rarely did Grant speak about these men at such length or with such perception.<br />John Russell Young idolized Grant and saw in him the qualities that make him the quintessential American hero. Grant was a bashful, hopelessly naive and honest man, and these traits come through in this work, illuminating his wry humor and extremely likeable character. Fellman has done well in editing this new version which focuses the reader on Grant and not trivial details about flowers, luggage or place settings. A nice book!
I have read this book in the original German, and much of the problem with this version is the translation. The translator doesn't inject the book with as much verve and spark as was present in the original German-language version. The best part of this book is the chapter on Eva Braun, where Sigmund correctly dispels the myth that Hitler's sexuality was in any way perverted, or that he forced a life of celibacy onto Eva Braun. Eva's diary alone dispels that nonsense, and the diary is quoted from liberally here.<br />The chapter on Magda Goebbels is also interesting and reveals that Magda married her husband solely to be near Hitler, the man she really loved. What a tangled web these Nazi ladies wove!<br />This is part of a three-volume set and the weakness is that Sigmund throws in quite peripheral Nazi ladies, such as Sister Pia and even some actresses who scarcely knew Hitler. She should stick to stalwarts like Eva, Leni Riefenstahl, Mimi Reiter and others who were close to Hitler, either personally or professionally.<br />To sum up, not a bad introduction to the women of Hitler's Germany, but poorly translated and too much filler.
This is a reasonably good, though dry, effort at examining the life of the mellifluous-voiced British actor, James Mason. The book is paced well and there is a fair amount of information on most of his movies. However, there is a lack of information on Mason's personal life, especially regarding his unusual first marriage to the ascerbic Pamela Mason.<br />Though Pamela Mason was a loud-mouthed and shrewish adulteress, she was also extremely witty and interesting in her own right. Anyone who recalls her appearences on L.A. TV shows from the 60's and 70's will still chuckle at her endless tirades, usually ending with the predictable sentence, &quot;James was so dull.&quot;<br />This book actually provides convincing evidence that James *was* boring. Mason comes off as depressed, rigid, indecisive and inrodinately unhappy. He makes many poor choices and instead of getting over them and getting on with his life, he broods about the negative consequences of his actions. For example, he moves to Hollywood and instantly detests California and American life, yet he inexplicably continues to live in the States for another 15 years. Hello, James... what was the problem?<br />It is never explained why James stayed with Pamela for so many years, even when he was miserable in her presence and unhappy living in America. When he finally does divorce her, he ends up shilling out millions in alimony and making a succession of wretched movies in order to pay off Pamela.<br />Ultimately, the real tragedy is that a man as intelligent, urbane and handsome as James Mason (not to mention his stupendous voice!) handled his career in such a haphazard way. He was a marvelous screen actor, but wasted his talent in many potboilers. This book doesn't really explain these poor choices and doesn't reveal enough about Mason's private life.
This was a crashing disappointment on several fronts. Gottfried Wagner is in a unique position to dish major dirt on the Bayreuth Wagner clan, yet he inexplicably chooses to focus the center of attention on himself. The problem is that Gottfried is not especially likeable or interesting and suffers from a case of self-absorption unequalled in recent history. He repeatedly drones on about how he was persecuted and ignored by his father, misunderstood by the other Wagners and shunted aside for no good reason. Ho hum.<br />The second disappointment is that this book was marketed as containing many \\"new\\" revelations about Hitler and his relationship with Wagner grandmother Winifred. Notice that Hitler is featured prominently on the cover of the book, flanked by Wieland and Wolfgang. Gottfried again could have provided fascinating, new glimpses into Winifred, who was a fanatic, but at least a fascinating woman. This was an opportunity for Gottfried to unearth new tid-bits relating to Hitler's annual Bayreuth pilgrimages, his relationships with Verena, Friedilind and the Wagner boys, but... again, he drops the ball. There is very little new material offered here.<br />The writing style is unedifying, perhaps the fault of the translator, but to sum up: not worth your time.
Though this book is impressively packaged and appears authoritative, it's anything but. The authors are pop historians who specialize in fiction and their weaknesses show throughout. There is almost no basic understanding of Hitler, his life, his personality or placing him in the proper historical context. There are a number of small, but nagging errors. Example: Hitler was punctilious in his personal hygiene, took two baths daily and was a fanatic about keeping clean. This is attested to by all who knew him. However, the authors claim that Hitler's architect, Albert Speer, claims Hitler had horrible B.O. (a claim he never made)and they repeat this canard three times.<br />Their examination of how Hitler died is similarly flawed and dated. It doesn't matter if bunker personnel like Baur, Linge and Kempka all have small discrepancies in their narratives, the fact remains that Hitler shot himself in the head and simultaneously took cyanide while Eva Braun took cyanide. End of story. The pages of padded material on Hitler's death drone on and tell the reader nothing new whatsoever.<br />As for the Russian archives and the supposedly flashy \\"new\\" material they unearthed... forget it. The new materials are a photo of Hitler's uniform jacket, some common photos and a sketch book of watercolors which the authors claim were all executed by Hitler. This ludicrous assertion is proven false by the inclusion of a postcard of Haus Wachenfeld which they claim Hitler painted in the 30's! The color photo of the postcard clearly shows it was never painted by Hitler.<br />This is a disappointing book for serious historian and novice alike. There is nothing new to justify its purchase.
This is a marvelous read even if you had absolutely no interest in climbing Everest or mountaineering. I had previously read a half a dozen other first-person narratives of the 1996 disaster, but this book towers head and shoulders above any other participant's memoirs. Krakauer is a gifted storyteller with the talents of a novelist, yet the experience of one who has climbed perilous peaks and lived to share the knowledge with others. He has the unique ability to paint a portrait with words that leaps out from the pages and lets the reader *see* and *feel* what is happening.<br />Perhaps Krakauer's greatest strength is deftly describing the personalities and quirks of the other people in his climbing party. The reader comes to know them all; liking some climbers immensely (The Texan Beck comes to mind) and loathing others for their petty self-absorption and monstrous egos (Sandy Pittman to a \\"T\\").<br />The best part of the book is the actual summit experience by the author and the devastating sequence of events that transpires after he slowly descends. The effects of HACE, high altitude and the frequent absence of reliable oxygen bottles is gripping. So are the deaths that occur because of a brutal storm that sweeps the mountain as Krakauer stumbles down to Camp 4.<br />Whether you are a Everest buff or a world class couch potato, this is a superlative book: well written and engrossing. A splendid read!
I have never been a fan of the literary western genre and confess that I read this book solely because I watched the movie based upon this book. Incredibly, the book supercedes the movie and McMurtry's characterization of Woodrow and Gus are truly stunning. It's the characters that turn this book into a compelling classic, rarely does the reader encounter such deftly-drawn and intriguing men as McCall and McCrae. You feel as if you are in Lonesome Dove with these men, and with them every step of the way from Texas to Montana. It's a magnificent journey and McMurtry is a superlative writer.<br />Even if you've never read a western book in your life, this is a literary masterpiece, the Shakespeare of the range, so to speak.
This is a well-researched and thoughtfully-written biography of a man who was perhaps the most famous man in the world in the decade of the 1960's. Now, sadly, Burton's legacy and fame have dimmed considerably and he's remembered more as Elizabeth Taylor's fifth (and sixth) husband. He was much more than that. I have always thought Burton overacted miserably in most of his roles and I was chiefly intrigued with him because of his beautiful physicality and because was an erudite, deeply intelligent man. He was also a prodigious reader and a keen intellect, but this genius seemed utterly wasted on Liz, a woman with whom he shared a passionate sex life, but precious little else.<br />The highlight of this book is the inclusion of over 100 pages of Burton's diaries, kept meticuously from 1965 until his death. Burton writes candidly, wittily and brilliantly. It's devilishly exciting to read his words about Liz and his vicious put downs of others, including a visceral tirade against poor Lucille Ball. He also muses on occasion about his autistic daughter, Jessica, who was hidden by the Burtons and kept in an institution all her life.<br />Burton had a larger-than-life appetite for living, sex, booze... you name it. He was self-destructive, manic-depressive and difficult, but all of those things make for a compelling character and this book illuminates him like no other.
This is an interesting examination of the life of Hitler's pilot, Hans Baur. He lived to be well into his 90's and was a fascinating man who had unique access to the Fuehrer. Baur was in Russian captivity for 10 years and wrote his autobiography after being released in 1956; the book is the basis of much of the material here.<br />Baur met Hitler in 1932 and began flying him at that time. He was part of the Obersalzberg inner circle, as well as the Berlin crowd, and he knew Eva Braun fairly well. He also begged Hitler in 1945 to allow him to fly him out of the Bunker, but Hitler told him he had to die in his nation's capital, not at his Bavarian vacation home!<br />The book concentrates, naturally, on Baur's relationship with Hitler and others in the Nazi hierarchy. It is weaker on Baur's life post-1956, especially his years spent in retirement on the shores of a Bavarian lake. Still, for anyone with an interest in the inner workings of Hitler's entourage, this is an excellent book.
The photography in this book is superlative and the main reason to purchase it is to admire the lush color photos of California's birds. However, I also enjoy the book because it allows me, as a novice birder, to learn to correctly identify various species. This book is much superior to an Audubon guide or a National Geographic Filed Guild to birds because each photo is huge and shows the birds to their best advantage. The photo of the elusive great gray owl is simply outstanding!<br />I recommend this book for anyone who has an appreciation of birds and wants to vicariously see them through this medium. It will definitely prompt every armchair birder to take to the field and spy these wondrous creatures in their natural habitat. There are several birds I saw in this book which captured my fancy immediately: the black oystercatcher and the Lazula Bunting, for instance. By seeing these photos, it prompted me to go out and beat the trails and shorelines to see each of these birds up close and &quot;in person.&quot; A great book!
I am a neophyte birder and this book was perfect as a beginning guide in identifying and recognizing common birds in the western region. The other bird guides I have purchased (National Geographic and Audubon) were exceptional, but for a novice, they presented too much information and too many birds. This book struck a nice, comfortable compromise. The photos of each bird are excellent and provide you a good look at the features and characteristics of each. They also tell you succinctly where the habitat would be and where you would most likely see each bird.<br />The best feature was that each bird was divided by color. So if you see a Wilson's warbler in your backyard but don't know for certain if your call is correct, you can quickly thumb to the &quot;yellow&quot; section of the book and see all the yellow birds. Thus you can quickly confirm your identification.<br />This book would have limited, or no value to an experienced birder, but for the beginning birder, this is a fine introduction to the hobby of birding.
Unfortunately, there are no outstanding guide books to hiking in Sequoia or Kings Canyon National Parks. This book has excellent topgraphical maps which show the elevation gain in each hike, but that isn't enough to salvage the rest of the contents. The main problem is that the author's descriptions of each hike are curiously flat and uninformative. I've done many of the hikes in this book and could only wonder why the descriptions were usually devoid of vivid language or extolling the scenery of each trek.<br />The description of the premiere hike in the book, Mt. Whitney, was especially lifeless, filled with overly technical details about what you will find at 0.9 miles, 1.2 miles, etc. What would be more beneficial (and useful) would be simply to give an overview of the hike, point out the beauty and hazards and add something about toting enough fluids.<br />One plus is that there are accurate descriptions to each trailhead. But again, the actual text descriptions of each hike leave an awful lot to be desired.
This is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a color map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. I enthusiastically recommend this gem!
Arizona is a great state to hike. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Grand Canyon, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! It is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a color map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. I enthusiastically recommend this gem!
It's true that Gammelgaard writes in a disjointed, \\"dispatch\\" style, which no doubt irritates some readers. There is no cohesive narrative and the actual words in the book are relatively few. However, there is still considerable merit in this account of the 1996 Everest tragedy, particularly if you're a woman climber. The author is a serene, spiritual sort and reminds you of that fact every few pages. That didn't represent a problem unless you violently eschew anything of that ilk. She repeats maxims such as, \\"Go slowly, think for yourself, be true to yourself.\\" Hogwash to some, faintly inspiring to others.<br />She paints interesting word portraits of the other climbers, particularly Scott and Anatoly, the Russian climber (who has also written a book, available on Amazon). She's equally adept at explaining her own motivations and psyche. The primary criticism I have is that she spent a paltry amount of time explaining *why* she wanted to climb Everest and really didn't elaborate much on the mental and physical training she undertook in order to accomplish this incredible feat.<br />I recommend this book wholeheartedly, but only if you embrace a more spiritual philosophy, and aren't irritated by an author who shoves that down your throat at every opportunity.
This book is slightly better than average, but if you're seriously thinking of climbing any of California's 14,000 peaks, this book won't especially help. If you're only interested in Mt. Whitney, there are many superior and more detailed books on the highest peak in the lower 48 states. In addition, there are only two other 14,000 peaks in California which can be easily accessed and are class 1 hikes which don't require ropes, pulleys or specialized gear.<br />A main problem with this book is that the authors don't adequately describe the trailhead and driving to each one. They don't tell you the crucial information that in many instances, you need a four-wheel drive vehicle to get to the trailhead and you must drive 15 miles over miserably bumpy roads to even begin your hike. This is an unforgivable omission.<br />I would recommend this book to people who have an interest in peaks besides Whitney and you have four-wheel vehicles and are sufficiently skilled to complete class three hikes. If you're not in this league, I would pass on this book.
I bought this book because I am planning a thru hike of the AT in the next few years. Though the book started off well enough, it quickly disintegrated into a 150 page treatise on whining. The format of the book is also awful: two hikers made the trek (Trail names were Midnight and Out of Africa), but unfortunately, Midnight hogs 90% of the narrative. This becomes increasingly stressful to the reader because Midnight is the most whining, complaining and unlikable character I have ever encountered in any other AT narrative. Out of Africa, on the other hand, is immensely likeable, gritty, real and determined. I wanted to get to know her better because she had grest soul and verve. Yet she only narrates a tiny fraction of the book and is never more than a shadow participant. Her writing ability is leagues above Midnight's, but she was seldom seen within in the pages of this book. What a pity.<br />The differences in their personalities mirrors the differences in their writing styles. Midnight is terribly uninteresting and complains about the slick, wet rocks on the trail on every single page. It almost becomes ludicrous as the reader chuckles to themselves, &quot;Alright, how many sentences on this page before the obligatory complaints about the slippery wet rocks?&quot; Sure enough, every page contains repetitive and extremely boring, whining tantrums about how she cried every time she encountered a wet rock, how she slipped, fell, whined, etc. Enough already! Don't attempt the Appalachian trail thinking it will be a meandering stroll in the woods.<br />In addition, Midnight litters the book with religious sentiments, which were unappreciated. Incredibly, her miraculous parents follow her around in a van, stopping to re-supply her at many stops through the first 1400 miles of her journey. This is an unheard-of luxury for thru hikers, and though Midnight is appreciative, her whining never lets up. The minute her parent leave, yet another wet rock causes her to experience agonies of self-doubt and the reader is forced to skip increasing amount of text to avoid this maudlin self-absorption.<br />Out of Africa is a trooper, and never complains about conditions. She grins and bears it, but we hear so little from her that ultimately, the book because a frustrating experience of dealing with a childish whiner, Miss Midnight. I would heartily recommend this book had Out of Africa been the sole author, but with the inclusion of Midnight's droning, this is better avoided. If you are seriously planning an AT thru hike, purchase instead Jim Coplen's &quot;Wild Birds Song,&quot; available on Amazon. That is a mature, sober and very readable alternative to this girlish drivel.ce agonies of self-doubt and the reader is forced to skip increasing amount of text to avoid this maudlin self-absorption.<br />Out of Africa is a trooper, and never complains about conditions. She grins and bears it, but we hear so little from her that ultimately, the book because a frustrating experience of dealing with a childish whiner, Miss Midnight. I would heartily recommend this book had Out of Africa been the sole author, but with the inclusion of Midnight's droning, this is better avoided. If you are seriously planning an AT thru hike, purchase instead Jim Coplen's &quot;Wild Birds Song,&quot; available on Amazon. That is a mature, sober and very readable alternative to this girlish drivel.
This is a fine overview of the three major hiking trails that criss-cross the United States. The major focus of the book is on the renowned Appalachian trail, with most of the text devoted to the AT. The Pacific Crest Trail has some useful information, though the chapters on this trail are shorter and less detailed. The Continental Divide Trail is given more sparse coverage, because the trail is not yet completed and is not attempted by very many hikers, except the very bravest souls.<br />This book is recommended for people who are not in the immediate stages of planning a thru hike. If you're planning on tackling any of these trails, specific books on each individual trail is the way to go. There is too much general information here for those seriously considering a hike in the near future. This book is fine as an overview and to give you a sample feel of each hike, but is less successful for one planning a hike in the coming year.<br />The writing is excellent and the book is riveting in sections. For all those obsessed with hiking any of the grand thru trails in America, this is an excellent and recommended resource.
I read this book in one sitting over several hours. I simply couldn't put it down. I've read over thirty books on thru hiking the AT and this is one of the premiere sources on the subject. Mueser himself is a thru hiker and he assembled comments, data and anecdotes from hundreds of others who have walked the length of the Appalachian Trail. The result is a fascinating exploration of what goes into the heart, mind, and body of all those hikers who make this pilgrimage.<br />Mueser arranges the information neatly by chapter. There are sections on animals, bugs, food, physical preparation and other things necessary to know before embarking on the trail. The narrative flows by smoothly and I was sad as I approached the end of the book because it was so immensely enjoyable. I would recommend this book highly for everyone who dreams of hiking the AT or those have already completed the journey.<br />My one criticism is the chapter on animals. Mueser writes with perception about the abundance of wildlife on the trail. It was then disconcerting and appalling that he used mouse traps to kill the little critters in various shelters. Someone should remind Mueser that the woods are the domain and home of the mice: HE is invading their world and he has no business setting traps and killing them, no matter how pesky they might be. This one incident spoiled some of the pleasure in reading the book, from my pro-animal perspective.<br />But in all other respects, this is a wonderful and interesting addition to your AT library.
I really felt like I got to know Jim Coplen while reading this book. His writing style is spare and no-nonsense, almost Hemingway-esque. I read his book because I am dreaming of hiking the Appalachian trail in the next few years and want to soak up as much information as I can. Jim's book is one of the best AT books in terms of describing the day-to-day grinds, headaches, fears and joys in hiking over 2100 miles. He has the unique ability of enabling you to be in the scene with him, as if you're walking alongside him. This was a pleasant surprise.<br />I do wish that Jim would have told us a little more about his life outside of hiking. He scarcely mentions his wife (who remained at home in Indiana), and I never got a clear or definitive idea why he chose to undertake the adventure. He didn't seem to have much inner turmoil or upheavel in his life prior to embarking on this grandiose and magnificent pilgrimage.<br />I recommend this book to thru-hikers, section-hikers or those planning on doing the AT someday in the future. It's especially instructive for the 10% of prosoective thru-hikers who plan to begin their walk from Maine and walk south.<br />Jim wasn't quite able to complete his thru hike (he breaks a bone in his ankle as he nears Georgia), but he returns to the trail in the Spring to complete his adventure. If you like a bare-bones writing style, not enlivened with much humor or extraneous &quot;personal confession&quot; garbage, you'll like this book and respect it. I know I did.
I read this book in one afternoon and was thoroughly satisfied with it. Winters writes well and her narrative flows smoothly. However, I bought this book believing that she had completed the thru hike from Springer Mtn. to Maine. Actually she quit the hike 300 miles short of her goal, while she was approaching the dreaded White Mountains of New Hampshire.<br />My greatest criticism of the book is that the author simply didn't explain *why* she quit, and it was a sudden, abrupt decision. Yes, her knees were aching, she was (justifiably) anxious about the vicious weather in the White Mountains, but as a reader, I was horribly let down that her journey just suddenly ends. She writes casually, &quot;I am done&quot; and thus ends the book. A tremendous disappointment.<br />On the positive side, there are great descriptions of shelter life on the trail, the boorish, sexist behavior of the many of the men on the trail and also being chased by some Rednecks in the deep South; &quot;she's little,&quot; they squeal, &quot;let's catch her!&quot; This was perhaps the most gripping segment of the book, as she outraces these fat slobs trying to harm her.<br />I am still in the dreaming-planning stages of doing an AT thru hike and must admit this book did little to encourage me. My belief is that Winters needed to go into towns more frequently, sleep in the shelters less frequently and not hike alone, but as she stresses again and again: &quot;hike your own hike.&quot;<br />While I admire her tremendous nerve and dedication, any solo woman hiker is courting disaster. That's an ugly reality.<br />Some readers will probably be put off by the stories of Wade, Winters obsessive-compulsive weirdo ex-boyfriend. If she thinks all men are as pathetically warped as he was, think again. The inclusion of her bisexuality and discovery of her partner on the trail might also bug some people. I found it all interesting and would recommend this book. Just don't expect an account of an actual thru hike, since she doesn't quite make it.hike, since she doesn't quite make it.
If you are searching for a light or relaxing biography of Madison, this will not be the measured choice. This is a difficult and sometimes plodding read, so be forewarned. The excuse that Ketcham is an &quot;academic historian&quot; and therefore is allowed to be boring is indeed a stretch, Stephen Ambrose writes beautifully and is an academic historian as well.<br />This is a trustworthy, sober and lengthy treatment of Madison, written by a man who knows his subject intimately. The reader can trust the facts between the covers, but there is an integral element missing: Madison himself. There are innumerable anecdotes and descriptions of Madison, but it's buried within the minutiae and sheer length of this very heavy tome. I never got a sense of Madison as a human being, only as a political or revolutionary shadow.<br />Recommended only for those either obsessed with Madison or tolerant of a chilly and plodding read.
Bruce Catton is arguably the greatest Grant biographer and is largely responsible for changing the negative views about Grant in the 1950's and 60's. Catton wrote several books about USG and this is the third and final part of a grand Grant trilogy begun in 1949 by Lloyd Lewis with &quot;Captain Sam Grant.&quot;<br />Bruce Catton thoroughly understand Ulysses Grant and became his vociferous proponent. He correctly grasped that Grant was the preeminent strategist of the civil war and was also the war's greatest, most innovative and most determined general. Those who errantly believe Grant won with brute force or superior numbers need to read this book. Others who espouse the line that Robert E. Lee was the real genius of the war also need to consult this volume. At its conclusion, you will change your mind and realize that Grant was not only a magnificent soldier, he was also a highly intelligent, humorous and marvelously humane man. He has been unfairly maligned and Catton sets the record straight.<br />Catton writes with perception about Grant as a father and devoted husband, but the thrust of the book is painting an incise portrait of Grant in the pivotal period 1861-1863 when his greatness was forged. This is a &quot;must have&quot; book for anyone interested in U.S. Grant or the American civil war. There are few, if any, factual errors and the narrative flows smoothly from beginning to end. Highly recommended.
Jean Edward Smith is a competent writer who has produced a relatively error-free and certainly positive look at Ulysses S. Grant, but there is something missing. Grant is an elusive subject and after reading this treatment, he will remain as enigmatic and unfathomable as he has always been. Smith has no background on Grant or the civil war and his limitations show, particularly in such a lengthy tome as this. Much of the book is culled from other (superior) Grant biographies and certain issues, such as Grant's drinking, are treated in a paragraph, when pages are necessary to do justice to the topic. <br />Most disturbing is Smith's propensity to borrow liberally from other authors in his interpretations. Certain sections of this book read similarly to words written by previous Grant biographers. See particularly his views on Grant's drinking, which are similar to McPherson's sections in his book, &quot;Battle Cry of Freedom&quot; (available on Amazon).<br />Smith is strongest in his post-civil war sections and his chapters on Grant's much-maligned Presidency are well-written and contain much needed revisionism. Grant was not the bumbling fool as President as is so often depicted. Smith deftly shows that Grant's years in the White House were not devoid of achievement.<br />Still, the flaws of this book surmount any of the positives. The pacing is poor and only a few scant pages are devoted to Grant's valiant race with death and the publication of his brilliant memoirs. The civil war chapters are fairly flat, with no fresh information or anecdotal material. He relies on dated sources and accepts whatever they offered without critical analysis.  There are better Grant books out there and you would be advised to search those out.
Those who denies the strong sexual overtones in these letters must be repressed or absurdly committed to the idea that Eleanor Roosevelt had to have been unequivocally heterosexual. Never mind that by the time she met Hickock, her physical relationship with FDR had been dead for over a decade, not to be revived. Had these letters been penned by a man to a woman, there would be no fuss, but because we're dealing with two females, the fur flies.<br />Eleanor and Hick loved each other, that's patently obvious from the letters. To me it seems quite apparent there was a sexual relationship as well... so what? FDR had Lucy Mercer in the 1910's and Missy LeHand was his &quot;companion&quot; from 1922-1940, but Eleanor should be relegated to permanent &quot;lonely&quot; status?<br />Even if you don't care about the gossip-y element of this book, it's moderately interesting from a social perspective, particularly if you are interested in 1930's history or mores. There are remarkably few references to Franklin Roosevelt in the correspondence, which might speak volumes for Eleanor's priorities at this time.<br />An interesting book, well edited and entertaining.
This is a terrific biography, but Cook stumbles a bit in not focusing on Eleanor's private life in this second volume. There is too much of a focus on ancillary topics and I missed the anecdotes and concentration on Eleanor as a human being. Still, this is well-written, though heavily biased in Eleanor's favor (which didn't bother me a bit!)<br />Even if you're not interested in Eleanor Roosevelt, you will be after reading this book. Cook writes history the way it *should* be written, with an emphasis on the personality, foibles and private life of her subject. She doesn't shy away from speculating on Eleanor's relationship with Lorena Hickock or Earl Miller.<br />She correctly points out that for years people have denied Eleanor might have had a sexual relationship with Miller simply because he was young and handsome and she was \\"old\\" and \\"ugly.\\" Absurd!<br />My only minor concern was that Cook seems not to fully appreciate FDR as a man, politician and icon. Her marked preference for Eleanor is obvious, which really isn't a big concern. Was FDR a jerk to cheat on Eleanor with Lucy Mercer? Probably not, since Eleanor hated intimacy with him (and told her daughter \\"sex is an ordeal to be borne!\\") and never sought to re-establish a real marriage after 1918.<br />Most men with FDR's looks, charm and natural exuberance would not tolerate a wife who was cold as a fish in the bedroom. I don't believe Cook accepts this or attempts to understand FDR's frustration.<br />Eleanor Roosevelt is a truly great and grand lady, multi-faceted, highly intelligent, compassionate and gritty. Cook has done a marvelous job in exploring and explaining her early life
If you are seeking a hatchet job on the greatest President of the 20th century, this is your cup of tea. Maney attempts to paint FDR with a black brush, but makes so many factual mistakes in his narrative, that his attempt is weak and ultimately pathetic. His gross lack of understanding about the causes of the Depression and the impending European crisis are almost laughable.<br />FDR made mistakes in judgment (attempting to pack the Supreme Court), but he was the quintessential and perfect leader for this country in the midst of its greatest crisis of the past 100 years. Imagine Tom Dewey or Wilkie leading this nation against the Axis powers. Contemplate that one... if you dare!<br />There are many outstanding examinations of Franklin Roosevelt and this is certainly not one of them. It's a polemic and poorly written attempt to diminish FDR's influence and greatness. It fails on all levels. The only people who would embrace this treatment would be the die-hard Roosevelt haters.
Though there were shades of the later Nixon in the young man, he was not nearly as visceral, vulgar or mean-spirited as he was to become as President. There were tinges of guilt in his make-up when he stepped over the line of decency, and such signs were utterly absent in President Nixon. Gellman is a fluid writer who is painstaking in being fair to Nixon and presenting him as a fairly likeable, though monstrously aggressive Congressman. He maintains that the young Nixon was a good father and attentive husband, thought he evidence for this is grossly lacking. He was the quintessential absentee father who spent almost no time with his daughters. Gellman conveniently ignores this.<br />More troubling is that Gellman almost seeks to exonerate Nixon from two of the most mudslinging and tawdry campaigns of all time: his 1946 run for Congress against the hapless, though decent Jerry Voorhis, and his inhumane hatchet job against Helen Gahagan Douglas in 1950. Nixon's brutal character assassination of Douglas in conveniently skirted, or excuses are made for RN. Because Gellman frequently falls into the habit of glossing over Nixon's destructive impulses, the book never reaches any grandiose literary heights.<br />Nixon has been the subject of much nonsense, particularly of the psycho-babble genre. Gellman thankfully doesn't attempt any of this and the book is a better product for it. Ultimately, this is a readable, balanced (overly balanced!) portrait of a young man driven by demons and a lust for power. For anyone wishing to understand Nixon in his 30's, this is an essential study.
If you have even an ancillary interest in the American Civil War, this is essential to read and to own. I consult my copy on a weekly basis and I've owned it for twenty years. Warner writes well and succinctly about all of the Confederate Generals. Each biography is accompanied by a single photograph of the subject. The book is like a large biographical dictionary, easy to navigate and peruse at your leisure. If you are interested in in-depth material on any of these Generals, it's best to consult an individual biography of your chosen favorite. But if you have a casual interest or merely want an essential reference tool, this is a &quot;must have.&quot;<br />Many historians have compiled lists of the most influential and indispensable civil war books of the 20th century. Invariably, Warner's book is included, along with the companion volume on Union Generals. It's not fancy, but it remains one of the preeminent biographical tools for any civil war historian.
I read this book after devouring Gitta Sereny's wonderful biography on Nazi Armaments Minister, Albert Speer. This offering is superior to anything else on the Holocaust, bar none. Sereny spent many hours interviewing the Commandant of Treblinka, Franz Stangl. He reveals in dispassionate tones the horrors of this death camp: the subterfuge to confuse those arriving to the camp, the fake train station, the beautiful gardens... it's almost surreal to read this man's words. More disquieting is that Stangl appears to be rather normal, though obviously a psychopath since the concept of guilt is alien to him. He loved his wife, was a devoted father and was an attractive personality, yet he was involved in monstrous crimes.<br />Sereny also interviews Jews who survived Treblinka by working in the &quot;clothes factory,&quot; and she also interviews some of the S.S. guards who presided over this horrific complex. But the heart and soul of the book is Stangl, whom she interviewed while he was in a German prison in 1972. When she asked him, &quot;When you saw children about to be gassed, did you think of your own children?&quot; Stangl vacantly looked away and said mutely, &quot;I don't know.&quot;<br />This book should be required reading for those who deny the Holocaust or seek to make excuses for Nazi genocide. Sereny is a masterful writer and every word of this book is gripping. This is not a product to skim haphazardly, it's as engrossing as anything ever written about genocide in the 20th century. I can't recommend this book highly enough.
Though Roy Morris writes well and illuminates Sheridan's character adequately, there is ultimately something flat about this effort. His attempts to give a definitive analysis of Sheridan are compromised by some factual gaffes and problems in interpreting Sheridan in the context of his times. It must be stressed that being a bigot in the mid-19th century was accepted practice and not odious, as it's viewed today. Morris is sympathetic to Sheridan throughout, even in the midst of his advocating genocide for the Native American.<br />The lack of personal detail is disquieting. There is insufficient material on Sheridan's mistress from the 1850's and his marriage late in life.<br />A strong point of the book is Morris' descriptions of little Phil's relationships with Grant and Sherman, two generals infinitely superior and more intelligent that Sheridan. Morris does a good job in explaining this triumvirate that saved the nation during the civil war.<br />This is a good biography, but scarcely groundbreaking or on the cutting edge of scholarship. The elusive character of Philip Sheridan will have to await a more gifted and grounded biographer.
This is the perfect civil war book and will satisfy the greenest novice or the most accomplished historian. Watkins writes brilliantly, naturally and in colloquial tones that have scarcely aged in the 130 years since he penned this memoir. It's exactly as if this marvelously likeable and funny soldier is sitting in your rocking chair, personally spinning yarns about his civil war experiences. It's that immediate and that real, as if you are accompanying him on every train, bivouac or battlefield.<br />Watkins becomes part of you as you read on, like a treasured friend or talisman. It doesn't matter what side of the conflict you're on, whether you're a confirmed Yankee or passionate Rebel, it's simply impossible not to adore Watkins and his deft touches with the pen. He describes the terror of going into battle, the strange exhilaration of the battles aftermath and the realization you are still alive. His best moments are describing a visit to a field hospital where he sees his best friends intestines opened up in a gaping wound, with only minutes to live. His pathos and deep sentiment are prevelent throughout the book.<br />Buy this book *now,* don't wait another moment. It's a book you will read and re-read throughout life, a deserved and enduring classic. Whether you care little or nothing about the American civil war, it matters little. This is a little masterpiece, pure and simple.
If you have even an ancillary interest in the American Civil War, this is essential to read and to own. I consult my copy on a weekly basis and I've owned it for twenty years. Warner writes well and succinctly about all of the Union Generals. Each biography is accompanied by a single photograph of the subject. The book is like a large biographical dictionary, easy to navigate and peruse at your leisure. If you are interested in in-depth material on any of these Generals, it's best to consult an individual biography of your chosen favorite. But if you have a casual interest or merely want an essential reference tool, this is a &quot;must have.&quot;<br />Many historians have compiled lists of the most influential and indispensable civil war books of the 20th century. Invariably, Warner's book is included, along with the companion volume on Confederate Generals. It's not fancy, but it remains one of the preeminent biographical tools for any civil war historian.
It's amazing that Kaltman takes a military genius (but financial disaster) such as Ulysses S. Grant and magically transforms him into an example for busisnessmen. Poor Grant must be revolving in his grave. The premise of this book is to take pithy and brief remarks from Grant and relate them to the business world. It's an interesting premise and an extremely flawed one. Grant's genius was in writing and on the field of battle, not in making money or advising those grappling on the corporate ladder.<br />However, the book does have merit if it introduces the sublime character of Grant to average people with little or no interest in history. Serious historians will laugh off this sophomoric book, but managers might actually learn something about one of the greatest and most underrated figures in American history. Grant was an intensely honest, moral and highly intelligent man and reading his words can only enhance anyone's character, even those whose only interest is in chasing the almighty dollar.
James Robertson has produced the definitive look at Jackson, and unearthed some new material in the process. I was especially pleased that he focused on Jackson's private life, and he writes with particular finesse about Jackson's first marriage and the effect her early death had upon Stonewall's psyche. Equally interesting are the unintentionally hilarious stories of Jackson as a teacher at VMI and what a truly horrific instructor he was: boring, pedantic and one who droned on insufferably during lectures.<br />Robertson's thorough grasp of Jackson's military role in the civil war is exhaustively examined. The only criticism is that the book verges on hagiography, and little questionable or negative material appears in the book. Jackson's generalship should have been more critically examined, instead of making excuses for his mistakes in judgment and execution. Jackson's sometime troubled relationships with subordinates is also glossed over, or the advantage invariably given to Stonewall. Still, this biography is so readable and well-written that its faults are easily overlooked.
This is by far the most readable and accurate of the many Chamberlain biographies. Chamberlain's historical significance had been buried since his death and only resurrected in the 1991 film, &quot;Gettysburg.&quot; Trulock is an inventive and gifted writer with a flair for research and unearthing some hitherto unknown facts about her subject.<br />The strong suit of this biography is its focus on the personal side of JLC. There is much engrossing material about his marriage with Fanny and her estrangement from her husband following his Petersburg wound. Here was a woman who had been so prim and proper before marriage that she wished to put off a marital union. She had transformed herself into the type of lady who would dump their hero husband because of grievous wounds that prevented him from enjoying &quot;horizontal refreshments&quot; much after 1865. Go figure!<br />Trulock's book flows nicely and balances JLC's professional and military accomplishments with the personal aspects of his character. If you are a novice of the civil war or Chamberlain, this book is a must read, but it's also enlightening for those who have a broader understanding of the war. Highly recommended.
Davis has completed five books of his proposed six book effort to write the definitive biography of Franklin Roosevelt. This book is superbly researched and factual, but it isn't as interesting as his previous books on FDR. Davis bogs down in trivial and irritating detail, which is peculiar, since the years 1937-1940 are among the most engrossing of Roosevelt's life. Davis is best when he examines FDR's behind the scenes preparation for war against Hitler and his deft maneuvering with the incoming Prime Minister, Winston Churchill. Less is written about his relationship with Neville Chamberlain, the hapless P.M. who preceded Churchill.<br />Davis is weaker on forging memorable portraits of the intimate personal relationships in FDR's life. There is a singular lack of understanding of Eleanor Roosevelt in this volume, nor is there much said about Roosevelt's children, his secretary Missy LeHand or other pivotal members of the FDR milieu. Davis does explore in interesting depth the effect of Howe's death upon FDR.<br />Roosevelt was a mercurial and difficult to understand character. His charismatic public facade masked some inner demons and foibles, which Davis painstakingly illuminates. This is an interesting, though ultimately, flawed effort.
Manchester began this examination of the flamboyant MacArthur with the intent to write a critical biography. Yet he became so enamored with his subject that the book turned into an extremely pro-MacArthur book, nearly devoid of criticism. Yet his gifts as a writer/researcher are so pronounced that the reader overlooks this problem. Manchester is in the same league with the brilliant David McCullough, and both historians are able to hold a reader's interest through 800 pages.<br />Manchester's infatuation with MacArthur is evident is his unwillingness to criticize Mac for any military decision. Why is no blame attached to MacArthur leaving his planes on the Manila airstrip in December, 1941? What about his gross insubordination towards his Commander in Chief, Harry Truman, throughout the Korean War? Though Manchester examines these issues in depth, he fails to throw much blame on MacArthur, who remains resplendent, fascinating and brilliant throughout.<br />A particular strength of the book is the examinations of the private relationships in MacArthur's life. Manchester explains in depth Mac's two marriages, the suffocating love he displayed towards son Arthur, and his competitive relationship with Ike, &quot;the best clerk I ever had.&quot;<br />This is the standard MacArthur biography and by a wide margin the most readable. Highly recommended.
Robert E. Lee has been the subject of so much hagiography that it's difficult to write of him as a normal, everyday human being. The South has enshrined him to such a ludicrous extent, that anything negative about Lee is viewed as hearsay. Michael Fellman attempts here to paint an objective and truthful picture of a flawed man and an overrated general. He states the obvious: Lee was a military loser, he lost the Civil War, and he lost it in part because of fundamental mistakes *he* made. The myth of the &quot;Lost Cause&quot; in American culture has been both pernicious and destructive.<br />Fellman's previous biography of William T. Sherman is the superior effort, but his take on Lee is interesting and novel. He does tend to engage in nit-picking over analysis of Lee's letters, orders and remarks, sometimes putting an irritating and condescending spin on Lee's intent. There is a dose of Freudian bombast thrown in for good measure. Yet he weaves together the narrative in an interesting and free flowing fashion. This is far from a definitive or completely error-free examination of Lee, but it makes for a fairly engrossing read
Lewis and Clark's descriptions of their epic overland journey is a deserved American classic. So many students must memorize the Gettysburg Address or the Preamble of the Constitution, but too few are ever introduced to this magnificent trilogy, told in Lewis and Clark's own words. They were the first white men to lay eyes on the interior sections of the Unites States, when the land was unspoiled, unpolluted and obviously quite spectacular. In great detail, they relate their indescribable amazement to see giant Sequoia trees, grizzly bears and endless miles of barren desert.<br />Lewis and Clark's experiences are the stuff of legend, but the question that begs to be answered is: could they write? The answer is a resounding yes! The narrative flows smoothly, the descriptions of the animals and landscape come alive with their vivid use of language and metaphor. Perhaps the most vivid sections of the book revolve around their numerous encounters with Native Americans. This book should be required reading for anyone with an history in the history and exploration of the United States.
...and that is not hyperbole. As a monumental fan of both Abraham Lincoln and Gore Vidal, to see these two divergent giants merged into one book was a satisfying moment. Vidal is America's greatest essayist and one of her best fiction writers. His gifts are shown to best advantage in this masterful novel. Vidal brings an historian's knowledge of the subject to this book and blends it with a writing style that surpasses our most gifted scholar-historians. The result is a pure joy to read, an accessible vehicle in order to understand the greatest President in American history.<br />Lincoln purists understandably fretted about some of the historical license taken and the dialogue Vidal created. But Vidal remains absolutely true to his subject and shows that he grasped both Lincoln's prodigious intellect and pathos in a way many scholars have missed.<br />This is a must read book for anyone who admires Gore Vidal as a literary genius and recognized Lincoln as the preeminent American in history.
Gary Giddins has pealed away the mendacity that has surrounded Bing Crosby in published literature since his death. Bing was pilloried in books by his son Gary, and painted in other biographies as a philandering, cold-as-ice misanthrope. Finally Crosby fans can embrace a book which contains much positive information on one of the greatest and most influential Americans icons of the 20th century. Bing's brilliance has been inexplicably eclipsed since his death. Hopefully, this book will introduce the Crosby magic to those who have never been exposed to it.<br />Without Bing Crosby, popular music would not sound the way it sounds today, it's that simple. When he first started singing with Paul Whiteman's band in the 20's as a member of the Rhythm Boys, all vocalists sounded the same: weak-kneed tenors warbling through megaphones, ala the insufferable Rudy Vallee. Bing's mellifluous, effortless baritone became the standard by which every other singer strove to emulate: Sinatra, Como, Dean Martin and every other singer initially copied Bing.<br />Giddins correctly emphasizes Bing's influence on 20th century pop culture. He was a vocal innovator par excellence and his jazz phrasing, timing and cadence remains unmatched. Giddins also explores in great depth Crosby's numerous affairs, his tortured marriage to the alcoholic Dixie Lee, and brings out some interesting gossip: did you know Bing smoked pot regularly with Louis Armstrong in the early 30's? No more Mr. Goody Two Shoes!<br />I've loved Bing Crosby all my life and have waited a lifetime for an intelligent and readable biography. Gary Giddins is an excellent writer and researcher and he has created a minor masterpiece. This is an essential addition to any Crosbyphile's bookshelf.
I've purchased and enjoyed the four preceding Kenneth Davis studies on Franklin Roosevelt and this volume continues a masterful biographical effort. Davis' books are extremely detailed and if you have a peripheral interest in Roosevelt, he would probably not be the historian of choice. The minutiae he provides is a delight Roosevelt fans who love the slightest tid-bit on their hero. His research methods are sober, industrious and trustworthy, his FDR-bias generally masked.<br />The strength of this study is the focus upon FDR's masterful manner of maneuvering an isolationist power into war. The chapters on Lend-Lease, while not providing any new information, still make for riveting reading. The Churchill-FDR political and military partnership is also explored in depth, with Churchill justly taking some heavy criticism for some of his decisions and meddlesome efforts into the Allied offense against Hitler.<br />The only criticism is that Davis does not focus sufficiently on FDR as a human being and the vast importance of Eleanor Roosevelt is somewhat obsfucated. I would have liked to have seen some exploration into Eleanor's relationships with Lorena Hickock and Earl Miller, and a greater emphasis on FDR's relationship with Missy LeHand, his secretary.<br />Still, Davis' effort is an excellent continuation on his epic Roosevelt biography. I can't wait for the concluding volume.
I usually loathe any historical book which puts its subject on the couch, but this is a notable exception. Fellman infuses this book with his own spin on certain matters, but much of the interpretation is accurate! If you enjoy a &quot;National Enquirer&quot; approach to biography, then this is your bag, though a more intellectual, sobering and accurate analysis of events than a tabloid rag. Fellman delves deeply into Sherman's womanizing and the reasons behind it: Ellen, WTS's wife, was a passionless prig, obsessed with Catholicism and being the type of prim, straightlaced wife that Sherman would ultimately abhor. Can we blame him for repeatedly cheating on Ellen? Of course not.<br />  Fellman is much weaker on the military end of the biography and his limitations show. There are numerous factual gaffes and the author is on safer ground when restricting himself to purely personal matters. This is hardly the definitive treatment of Sherman, try John Marszalek's biography (available on Amazon) for an exceptional and scholarly approach. But if you want a book focused primarily on the private life of Sherman, this nicely fits the bill
Henry Picker was a young German officer who knew stenography and took down Hitler's Table Talk for a period of four years during World War II. This book was first published in 1951 and has enjoyed many reprints in the intervening years. This edition is expertly translated and has some revealing footnotes which leads the reader to other sources.<br />Though Hitler is invariably portrayed as a raving madman in American &quot;docudramas,&quot; he could also be a thoroughly charming and intensely charismatic private companion in his off hours. A man capable of seducing 65 million Germans and of his monumental crimes, had to possess an elemental force both inexplicable and fascinating. This book provides some clues to Hitler's personality, though in fairness, his mesmerizing mystique had been dulled by drugs and megalomania by 1941. He was surrounded by sycophants, but there were some perceptive and intelligent people in his milieu, most notably Joseph Goebbels. Hitler's secretaries were also articulate and intelligent ladies. However, his chauffeurs and other aides, such as Linge and Schaub, were hardly junior Einstein's.<br />Hitler's monologues are faithfully presented here and he emerges as a genius in certain areas (his knowledge of architecture and art was encyclopedic), and as a sexist boor in other realms. His believed himself to be omniscient and believed further that he was a messiah selected by Providence to save the German nation. Anyone harboring such delusions is bound to sound arrogant and insufferable on occasion.<br />This is a must have book for anyone interested in Hitler, his entourage, or his paralyzing effect upon other people. It's chilling that Hitler casually discussed trivialities while Europe was being torn asunder because of one man's twsited ideology.
This is part of a four-volume series of George Washington's life and this is the initial installment, covering his early years. Flexner's narrative takes the reader up to the first shots of the Revolutionary War. Despite the fact that there is a plethora of interesting material on Washington's youth and young manhood, this book is singularly flat and written in a plodding style. It is generally reliable and accurate, but one yearns for a more enlightened and exciting presentation. This is the personification of how history is usually taught: in a manner not designed to capture the reader or the student.<br />One strong point is that Flexner successfully presents a balanced portrait of Washington. Any bias from the author is thankfully masked from the reader. When Washington deserves criticism or censure, the author soberly dispenses it. Praise and plaudits are similarly given. If you are deeply interested in Washington's early years, this is an adequate and trustworthy source. But if you are merely dabbling in Washington and prefer a swifter narrative, then this is not a recommended selection.
This is a complete whitewashing of Richard Nixon's political career written by an obviously pro-Nixon source. There is no attempt from the author to distance herself from Nixon or create an illusion of impartiality. Hoff is in Nixon's corner all the way and makes some incredible interpretive analyses. For example, Nixon's domestic agenda was actually &quot;extremely liberal.&quot; Hoff makes this claim based upon Nixon's environmental agenda, but ignores his viscerally right-wing Supreme Court appointments and his Neanderthal approach to civil rights. Doesn't sound too &quot;liberal&quot; to me.<br />Hoff also makes a series of implausible and ultimately ludicrous excuses for Nixon's involvement in Watergate. Predictably, she absolves the President from much involvement and any guilt. She points the finger of guilt at a dizzying array of Nixon suborindates (all of whom went to prison). Nixon is the epitome of grace, honesty and courage in Huff's eyes, a view which will delight those who revere the 37th President. But for those who have a less charitable view of him, this will be regarded as hagiography at its apex.
During the 1930's it was fashionable to include small photographs of Hitler attached to cigarette packages. You would then paste the photos sequentially into an album that included glowing textual references to Hitler and the Third Reich. I own the original version of this 1936 book and this new offering is considerably less powerful than the German version. Still, this is an effective way for people of our era to understand and grasp the enormous importance of propaganda in the Third Reich.<br />Goebbels and Hitler were masterminds of this art and the book personifies their mastery of mass persuasion. In the photographs, Hitler is presented as a &quot;normal guy&quot; in civilian clothes, surrounded by adoring children at his retreat on the Obersalzberg. He is also presented as the omniscienet Fuehrer, presiding over mass rallies in Nuremberg, mesmerizing the audience. The photographs, all by Hitler's official photographer, Heinrich Hoffman, are excellent representations of a nation gone collectively mad, seduced by Hitler's paralyzing charisma.<br />One cautionary note: this book is not written by Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels. The text is incidental and was certainly not penned by Goebbels, who scarcely appears in this book. Despite the misleading title, this is an essential book for anyone with an interest in how Hitler effectively and brutally utilized propaganda in the 30's.
This is one of the worst books I have ever read: juvenile, pathetically poorly written, historically devoid of *any* semblance of truth and shallow beyond belief. Eva Braun did write 20 pages of a real diary in 1935 and these torn-out extracts survive and are authentic. They reveal several things: Hitler was completely normal sexually (though he did ignore her for long bouts) and he did care for her, though he wasn't passionately enamored with her. She was with him, however. They had a normal, prosaic relationship, devoid of sado-mashochism or other ridiculous perversions detailed here.<br />  It obviously bothers people that a mass murderer could still function normally between the sheets with his mistress and for this reason, trashy books like this are written and find a market. Anyone who lays credence in the idiotic nonsense between the covers of this tome need to seriously consult a non-fiction source on Eva Braun. This is the nadir of published material on her.
I usually loathe any historical book which puts its subject on the couch, but this is a notable exception. Fellman infuses this book with his own spin on certain matters, but much of the interpretation is accurate! If you enjoy a &quot;National Enquirer&quot; approach to biography, then this is your bag, though a more intellectual, sobering and accurate analysis of events than a tabloid rag. Fellman delves deeply into Sherman's womanizing and the reasons behind it: Ellen, WTS's wife, was a passionless prig, obsessed with Catholicism and being the type of prim, straight-laced wife that Sherman would ultimately abhor. Can we blame him for repeatedly cheating on Ellen? Of course not.<br />There is a plethora of new information about Sherman's various affairs: he kept the handkerchief of one of his conquests after their rendezvous and wrote to thank her for the article. There are numerous excerpts from love letters to Sherman from his paramours and they make for some unintended hilarious reading.<br />Fellman is much weaker on the military end of the biography and his limitations show. There are numerous factual gaffes and the author is on safer ground when restricting himself to purely personal matters. This is hardly the definitive treatment of Sherman, try instead John Marszalek's biography (available on Amazon) for an exceptional and scholarly approach. But if you want a book focused primarily on the private life of Sherman, this nicely fits the bill.
John Marszalek has woven together the threads of Sherman's life better than any previous biographer. There have been great Sherman biographies in the past, Lloyd Lewis' brilliant 1932 offering comes to mind. But Marszalek benefits from new scholarship and a fresh approach in unearthing the passions and limitations of the brilliant and erratic Sherman.<br />All areas of Sherman's life are explored in depth. The author doesn't stint the reader on details of Sherman's chaotic childhood, the influence of his stepfather or his years at West Point. Marszalek understands the important of Sherman's tortured marriage to Ellen and the consequences that this miserable marriage had upon Sherman. Can anyone blame him for repeatedly cheating on her when her attitudes towards sex approached that of a nun? Especially interesting are the tid-bits on Sherman's lengthy affair with Vinnie Ream, all quite engrossing.<br />Marszalek strikes a nice balance between Sherman's private life and his military endeavors. The reader never has a sense that the man is sacrificed or buried in minutiae of the battlefield. Sherman was an enigmatic, sometimes baffling man and its hard to get a firm grasp on him personally or emotionally. Marszalek has produced a fine biography and one which will stand as the definitive look at Sherman for many years.
I really recommend this book to anyone who likes US Grant or the civil war. I didn't think Mrs. Grant's book would be interesting, but I could not put it down. The way she describes her husband shows a very deep love and attraction for him. I didn't think people of that age were as open with their feelings, but this gal sure was. She was so frank in expressing her feelings for Grant, no wonder he followed her around like a lovesick calf.<br />She even hints about the physical side of their union, which was incredible since she wrote it 100 years ago. I think anyone would love this book, Mrs. Grant writes well and is quite funny and entertaining. I give this book a solid &quot;10.&quot;
It's a matter of debate who was our most intelligent President: Lincoln, Madison and Jefferson would certainly garner their share of votes. But John Quincy Adams warrants serious consideration: he was an intellectual titan with an astounding breadth of intellect. He was impossibly well-read, sober, amazingly articulate with a rapier-like ability to demolish opponents or defend his position. It's debatable whether he was, in fact, America's most brilliant President, but this book goes a long way in making that case.<br />  Nagel wisely delves into Adams' private side and quotes extensively from his own words. If you are looking for a glum recitation of Adams' political life, look elsewhere, this is a more human biography. There was a refreshing amount of material focusing on Adams' boyhood, and the chapters covering his Congressional years are especially interesting. His story reads like something from a novel: failed President transformed into one of the most influential Congressmen who ever serve in the House.<br />  My only minor criticism is that Nagel does not sufficiently explore or explain Adams' brilliant son, Henry, who grew up to be a caustic and clever chronicler of the late 10th century. Otherwise, this is a solid book, well-written, thoroughly researched and illuminating.
Bruce Catton is arguably the greatest Grant biographer and is largely responsible for changing the negative views about Grant in the 1950's and 60's. Catton wrote several books about USG and this is the second part of a grand Grant trilogy begun in 1949 by Lloyd Lewis with &quot;Captain Sam Grant.&quot; The final volume of the trilogy is Catton's &quot;Grant Takes Command&quot; (both books are available on Amazon).<br />Bruce Catton thoroughly understand Ulysses Grant and became his vociferous proponent. He correctly grasped that Grant was the preeminent strategist of the civil war and was also the war's greatest, most innovative and most determined general. Those who errantly believe Grant won with brute force or superior numbers need to read this book. Others who espouse the line that Robert E. Lee was the real genius of the war also need to consult this volume. At its conclusion, you will change your mind and realize that Grant was not only a magnificent soldier, he was also a highly intelligent, humorous and marvelously humane man. He has been unfairly maligned and Catton sets the record straight.<br />Catton writes with perception about Grant as a father and devoted husband, but the thrust of the book is painting an incise portrait of Grant in the pivotal period 1861-1863 when his greatness was forged. This is a &quot;must have&quot; book for anyone interested in U.S. Grant or the American civil war. There are few, if any, factual errors and the narrative flows smoothly from beginning to end. Highly recommended.
There is nothing revelatory in this book and the errors are predictable and redundant. Putting Hitler on the couch is nothing new, Walter Langer and the OSS produced the first psychological profile of Hitler in 1943. It is still in print and available on Amazon and is much superior to this effort.<br />The main problem is that Hitler is dead and putting him through psychoanalysis is problematic, to say the least. I have an innate distrust of non-Germans (or non-German speakers) writing biographies of Hitler, so Redlich has a leg up in this department. The vast majority of Hitlerian documents have never been translated and a non-German speaker tackles the project with a severe disadvantage. But does Redlich use his innate advantage? No, he relies on discredited information, outdated sources and throws in some psychological treatises of his own, which lack credibility.<br />Hitler was an extraordinarily complex, complicated personality and the vast majority of historians have missed the mark in interpreting him or understanding him. Redlich utterly misses the mark in explaining Hitler's relationships with women. He was hardly a sexual pervert and maintained a monogamous, though neurotic, relationship with Eva Braun for the last thirteen years of his life.<br />If you want a steady, readable and reliable biography of Hitler, I urge you to consult John Toland's masterful 1976 book. Nothing has surpassed it in the 25 years since its publication.
This small booklet provides a glimpse of the young U.S. Grant during the Mexican War. Grant was a quartermaster in this conflict and conducted himself with daring and verve. He also learned many lessons which served him well as a commanding general in the American civil war. He studied his future adversaries (like Robert E. Lee) and never forgot the lessons. Mauck reveals the likable, shy character of Grant, a man truly misrepresented in popular culture.<br />Mauck has produced a brief introduction into Grant's two years in Mexico. The etchings are poor and not illuminating, the maps are marginally better. Mauck makes no secret of his admiration for his subject and his descriptions of the young soldier are deftly drawn. However, the indispensable and definitive look at Grant's Mexican War years is contained in Grant's incomparable Personal Memoirs, available on Amazon. Long considered the best history of the Mexican War, Grant's memoirs will illuminate his experiences better than anything else.
William T. Sherman was an irascible, unpredictably brilliant man and his letters bring out these myriad traits. He was a fascinating man and his own words illuminate his fiery personality. Sherman's own 1875 memoirs are a mixed bag, marred by an over-abundance of wartime correspondence and ancillary material. This collection of his letters actually makes for more engrossing, instructive reading. We hear his opinions on the major players of the Civil War: Grant, Halleck and Lincoln. We gain an understanding of his tortured relationship with his wife, Ellen, to whom many of the letters are addressed. His visceral hatred of the press and reporters is well represented.<br />The collection is expertly edited by Brooks Simpson, someone who thoroughly understands both Sherman and the civil war era. The notes are instructive and unobtrusive and the introduction lays the groundwork for appreciating Sherman and his correspondence. This is an outstanding book for anyone who wishes to get to know the erratic and intellectual General who was second only to Ulysses S. Grant in ability and results.
Longacre has a long history of producing civil war books which are compromised by gaffes and errors. This effort is no exception though the writing is superior to some of his earlier works. If you dislike it when an author interjects his own opinion into the arena, then avoid this book. Longacre continually puts his own spin on various events in Chamberlain's life, particularly JLC's long, sometimes tortured relationship with wife Fanny.<br />It's interesting to read the author's take on the love letters exchanged by the enamored couple, especially those from the courtship years. He takes innocuous passages and turns them into (imagined) references to abortion, pre-marital sex and other &quot;juicy&quot; forays. The problem is, the letters are generally pedestrian and devoid of sexual content. No matter, Longacre insists on the tabloid version of historical events and this is the book's ultimate downfall.<br />His descriptions of JLC's Petersburg wound and his lengthy convalescence are better sections, but he drops the ball with all the material post-1865. The years of Chamberlain's Governorship of Maine are especially tedious. If you aren't bothered by factual mistakes and the interjection of the author's own opinion, then this book is a reasonable effort. It's well-written and contains some new material. But if you are a serious student of Chamberlain or want a more complete analysis of the 20th Maine, you must consult other works.
I own about 30 hiking guides and this book is the one I use the most often and consult before any hike. John Robinson is one of the gurus of Southern California hiking and his guides are usually dependable, accurate and full of information that will ensure your safety while in the mountains. He provides an adequate history of each hike, driving directions and fairly precise descriptions of where to locate each trailhead. It's important to note that some of his information is outdated; for example, you always must display your Forest Adventure Pass when parking your car in a California National Forest. Robinson doesn't mention this because his guide was written before the Pass became &quot;essential.&quot;<br />Another strength of this book is that Robinson usually provides separate descriptions of various ways to summit a peak. He details the standard way of climbing San Gorgonio, as well as three alternate treks to the peak and this is a valuable tool for the experienced hiker. He does the same for San Jacinto, perhaps the premiere hike in Southern California (as well as the most arduous!) The guide is tailored towards seasoned hikers and if you're a neophyte, this probably wouldn't be your best choice. But if you love to hike and live in the L.A. area, the Robinson guide provides indispensible information. Highly recommended.
Many people who routinely hike in Yosemite inexplicably ignore her lesser known sister park to the South: majestic Sequoia. I have hiked in both parks for 15 years and Sequoia is an outstanding National Park, particularly for serious hikers seeking a challenge. Yosemite's Half Dome remains one of the most beautiful and &quot;must do&quot; hikes in California, but Alta Peak in Sequoia is comparable and its beauty is sheer majesty. You can get greater elevations in Sequoia and the alpine terrain, especially in the early summer, will remind you of Switzerland.<br />This Guidebook is exceptionally useful and small enough to carry with you in your pack as you hike. The maps are detailed, as are the driving directions to each trailhead. The descriptions of each hike are concise, yet sufficiently detailed to give you the feel of each hike before you attempt it. There is little superfluous information, which is a frequent complaint of other hiking books.<br />If you have never visited or hiked in Sequoia, you're in for the unexpected treat of a lifetime. The park is incomparably lovely and the hiking is among the best in the Western states. This guidebook will help you discover the wonders of this underrated National Park.
Before reading this magnificent book, the only Adams biography I had read was Page Smith's two volume book and that is now quite dated. This book must now stand as the definitive Adams biography. Ferling paints a riveting portrait of this complex and misunderstood American hero. Adams is unfairly tossed off by the uninformed as a peripheral figure in the American Revolution, but this book shows clearly that Adams was an integral force throughout.<br />Ferling also takes great pains in illuminating Adams' amazing breadth of intellect and this a trait sometimes not associated with him. When one thinks about the intellectual titans among the Founding Fathers, Jefferson, Madison and Hamilton generally come to mind. Add Adams to that list and the Father of the Constitution should remain on this lofty list for all time.<br />Many American Revolution buffs eschew Adams and toss him off as not as interesting, flamboyant or &quot;essential&quot; as the other leading players. I challenge them to read this biography, which shows Adams was not only extremely intelligent, but likable and thoroughly human. This is biography at its finest.
If you want to read an outstanding, scholarly and well-researched biography of Douglas MacArthur, the logical choice is William Manchester's &quot;American Caesar,&quot; available on Amazon. The definitive treatment is C. Clayton Douglas's four-volume set. The book is not in the same league. Perret is once again overmatched with the topic and has created a facile, error-ridden and ultimately obtuse look at the insufferably arrogant yet brilliant MacArthur. He relies upon discredited sources and quotes them repeatedly. He also puts his own (inaccurate) spin on various pivotal characters, thus changing history.<br />A primary example of this is when MacArthur's first wife claimed he was impotent and a dud in the sack. She repeated this on many occasions and was quite adamant on this point and one would think she was in a good position to know. But an impotent, un-virile Mac is not the portrait Perret wishes to create, so he viscerally attacks the credibility of Louise and states without equivocation that she was a liar. There are myriad problems with this analysis. MacArthur's Eurasian mistress also complained about the same things Louise did... again, Perret ignores this, or didn't do sufficient research to unearth this fact. Perret ignores many other foibles of MacArthur. There is nary a mention of his virulent racism or the reasons he ended up living the last 12 years of his life in a penthouse in the Waldorf Astoria.<br />The weakest sections of the book are the pivotal World War II chapters. Errors too numerous to list litter the landscape. Perret's analysis of MacArthur's relationships with FDR, Truman and Marshall are wise of the mark and facile. Similarly, the years of MacArthur's Japan &quot;dictatorship&quot; and the Inchon landing are predictably flat.<br />MacArthur's story is one of the most fascinating American stories of the 20th century. This is not the book to read if you are seriously interested in learning about this vainglorious, insufferable, yet charismatic and intellectual military man. This is a pop biography with no new information, novel and inaccurate analysis and an astounding lack of depth.charismatic and intellectual military man. This is a pop biography with no new information, novel and inaccurate analysis and an astounding lack of depth.
It's a matter of debate who was our most intelligent President: Lincoln, Madison and Jefferson would certainly garner their share of votes. But John Quincy Adams warrants serious consideration: he was an intellectual titan with an astounding breadth of intellect. He was impossibly well-read, sober, amazingly articulate with a rapier-like ability to demolish opponents or defend his position. It's debatable whether he was, in fact, America's most brilliant President, but this book goes a long way in making that case.<br />Nagel wisely delves into Adams' private side and quotes extensively from his own words. If you are looking for a glum recitation of Adams' political life, look elsewhere, this is a more human biography. There was a refreshing amount of material focusing on Adams' boyhood, and the chapters covering his Congressional years are especially interesting. His story reads like something from a novel: failed President transformed into one of the most influential Congressmen who ever serve in the House.<br />My only minor criticism is that Nagel does not sufficiently explore or explain Adams' brilliant son, Henry, who grew up to be a caustic and clever chronicler of the late 10th century. Otherwise, this is a solid book, well-written, thoroughly researched and illuminating.
This is a fine guide if you have never hiked before in a National Park, or if you merely dabble occasionally in the sport. The maps are excellent, as are the trail descriptions, elevation gains and driving directions to the trail heads. Most of these hikes can easily be completed by even the most unfit hiker, children, or eldery people.<br />However, this is *not* the guide to purchase if you are a serious hiker. I was bemused to see that this book doesn't even contain the quintessential Yosemite hike, Half Dome. Nor does it contain the second-best hike in the park, the Four-and-a-half-mile-trail. In fact, none of the hikes profiled in this Guide are lengthier than a few miles and none would be considered even semi-strenuous. Heed this advice if you're a serious hiker and consult a different guide. But if you're just a casual weekend athlete, or have children in tow, this is a well-written and adequate book for your needs.
If you revere books and are an avowed bibliophile, then Henry Huntington is someone to admire and respect. His book collection is one of the premiere collections in the world, especially his concentration of incunabula. Huntington's mammoth collection is stored in the incomparable Huntington Gardens in San Marino, California - one of the most lovely places on earth. The permanent exhibitions include a first edition of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales and numerous Shakespearian folios. Huntington's massive collection of autographs is also on display.<br />The story of how Huntington amassed these priceless treasures is fascinating: the amount of zeal and money he poured into this endeavor makes for a world class story. Unfortunately, this book doesn't focus enough on this aspect of his life. The narrative becomes slow, plodding and ultimately tedious. One wishes that Thorpe would have concentrated more completely on Huntington's mania for book collecting, a passion to be envied for those of us not blessed with being multi-millionaires. Instead he veers off into areas not particularly interesting, though his history of early 20th century California is exceptional.<br />Huntington's story is not one full of scintillating orgies, nor was he a riveting personal character, like Hearst. But this book paints a rather dour, boring picture of one of the greatest American collectors.
The first book I ever read from Stephen Ambrose was his 1962 biography of Henry Halleck and he has matured considerably since then. His skills as an historian have deepened and broadened in the intervening years throughout his tenure as director of the Eisenhower Papers project. This examination of June 6, 1944 is the best book he has ever written, exceeding his works on Ike, Nixon or Lewis and Clark.<br />I grew up steeped in the lore of World War II from my parents, who had lived through and experienced these tumultuous years. I have also known several brave men who were present on Omaha and Normandy beaches at D-Day plus 2. Their heroism and self-sacrifice exemplifies why Tom Brokaw calls them the best generation. After reading Ambrose's book, there is no doubt this is an accurate call.<br />Ambrose describes in riveting detail the preparations for D-Day, painstakingly devised by Eisenhower and his staff. Ike was a desk general, but a highly competent one who masterfully juggled the dueling egos of Patton and the insufferably priggish and overrated Monty. The stress he was under is mind-boggling and Ambrose never neglects the fighting man in his story: their anguish at never knowing when they would be called upon to finally invade Hitler's Fortress Europe. Ambrose's description of the Atlantic Wall and its construction reveals some new material: the Germans poured enough concrete for six Hoover Dams in constructing the wall that ultimately just wasn't good enough.<br />The highlight of this book is the actual description of the boys hitting the beaches at Normandy, Omaha, Gold, Sword, Utah and Juno. It's a visceral reading experience and sobering to know that 4,400 brave young men died in the span of four hours. There are no words to describe their valor in defense of their country and the Allied cause. God bless them all. Stephen Ambrose has done them proud.
Edmund Wilson produced this classic look at civil war literature more than forty years ago and it remains essential reading for anyone professing an interest in the great American conflict. Wilson brought much to the table: a beautiful, restrained writing style and a prodigious understanding of the civil war and its primary players. His magnificent analysis of Ulysses S. Grant's memoirs remains the best and most often-quoted ode to these books. Wilson's tribute to Grant's memoirs is the crux of the book, but his ancillary analysis of other civil war works is also riveting and instructive.<br />&quot;Patriotic Gore&quot; is not only great literature, it's truly one of the best books I've ever read. It deserves a place on any serious civil war historian's bookshelf.
I decided to read this book after seeing the author interviewed on C-SPAN's &quot;Booknotes&quot; show. I was amazed that he was able to pack so much mis-information into a sixty minute chat. Stevens  repeatedly demonstrated that his grasp on political and military affairs of 1863 was virtually nil. He was especially uninformed about Ulysses S. Grant, who was (to put it mildly) a pivotal player in the year 1863. Curious, I bit the bullet and bought the book. A mistake of the highest order!<br />After reading the book, I am more convinced than ever that Stevens had no business writing this book. His interpretations of Lincoln, Grant and Hooker are amateurish and riddled with mistakes of the most elementary nature. His bibliography is of the most elementary sort and no primary sources were consulted or included within the narrative. In short, this is a completely inadequate look at one of the most important years in the history of the American nation.
If you are seeking a reliable and definitive book on TR's early years, the choice is Edmund Morris' 1979 biography. David McCullough's examination of Roosevelt is also essential (both books are available on Amazon). This book is breezy, sometimes entertaining, but ultimately shallow. It would be interesting to those who know little or nothing about Roosevelt, but a significant disappointment to those who are better versed in TR's life. One notes that there is absolutely nothing new in the book: no new historical discovery, photograph, insight or theory.<br />Brands writes well and weaves together a cohesive narrative, though skimpy in TR's post-Presidential years which are absolutely vital to understanding his ultimate guilt and grandeur. The author also is fairly strong in describing TR's two marriages and his complicated and neurotic relationship with eccentric daughter Alice. The narrative is much weaker when it comes to illuminating Roosevelt's years as Governor of New York and the details of his Presidential administration.<br />Roosevelt remains one of the most fascinating, exuberant and fun men in American history, but this book adds nothing significant to the canon of Roosevelt literature.
The importantance of Thomas Jefferson in American life cannot be minimized, and this book excels in explaining why his vision was integral in shaping the United States. Ellis' style is scholarly and sober, yet the book is always fun to read and at times utterly riveting. Ellis is especially strong when focusing on Jefferson as a product of his times: it is asinine and historically obtuse to judge him in the context of the 20th century, when slavery and racism are odious. Jefferson was the quintessential 18th century man, a gentleman farmer who wished to create a Utopian society where space prevailed and personal freedom was glorified.<br />Ellis does an exceptional job in describing the methods Jefferson used in creating the Declaration of Independence (in three weeks!)at the tender age of 32. It's instructive to reflect upon the weighty intellect of this man and the way he imposed his intelligence on others. This is a fascinating study and essential to all those who seek to understand how America was founded and ruled in its seminal years.
Geoffrey Ward shares the ability of David McCullough, and that is to take a scholarly topic and write about it intelligently and coherently. He also makes the journey fun for the reader and he showcases this ability in this excellent book. FDR as a youth was a very different man from the President he was to become. Polio was the defining moment that both changed FDR and deepended his compassion and understanding for the downtrodden.<br />In this first volume of Ward's Roosevelt trilogy, he illuminates FDR's dominating mother and the problems she caused between Franklin and Eleanor. One almost cringes when the obtrusive Sarah Roosevelt plans her son's honeymoon, buys homes for him (with connecting doors for her to intrude upon)and basically usurps FDR's own decision-making processes.<br />Franklin Roosevelt was not a great man, or a particularly engrossing man when young. He achieved greatness only after tragedy befell him, but Ward sets the stage here for Roosevelt's later greatness. If you're interested in Roosevelt or the flighty, banal rich New York set of the turn of the century, then this is your cup of tea. It is also a fine book.
Grant's memoirs are the greatest books in American literature. Gore Vidal, Gertrude Stein and other literary figures have acknowledged their preeminence. Even if you know or care nothing about the American Civil War, these books are essential reading for any educated person. Grant wrote simply, yet beautifully, and he was dying in agony of throat cancer when he penned these books. The story of the writing of the Memoirs is one of the most amazing and courageous tales in American history. Imagine racing against death to complete an epic story, the proceeds of which would provide for his family after his death. What an amazing man!<br />This edition of Grant's memoirs is wonderful because the appendix contains several hundred letters he wrote over the years. Most of these missives were written to his wife, Julia, and they shed an enormous light upon this shy man's character. Grant's letters show him to have been a tremendously gentle, decent man, with a great sense of humor and profound love in his heart for his wife and family.<br />This is an excellent edition, which will bring to you only one of the greatest books written in the English language, but also a selection of Grant's letters. Both make for engrossing, gripping reading.
This is the first book in a trilogy of Andrew Jackson and it is a magnificent book. So many biographers bury their subject and forget that most readers what to know who their subject *was*, not merely what they *did.* Remini doesn't fall into this trap. He gives the reader a well-grounded and detailed look at Andrew Jackson as a man: his foibles, passions and prejudices, as well as his extreme ambition and vacillating brilliance.<br />Remini strikes a beautiful balance when examining Jackson's private life and military/political life. His examination of the Battle of New Orleans is absolutely riveting, and he weaves Jackson in and out of the narrative with rare poise and skill. The reader can actually picture Jackson in the midst of this battle, feel his emotions and understand the decisions he made. When a biographer can paint such a vivid picture, the reader will always be rewarded.<br />This is an excellent book for the entire spectrum of people interested in Jackson. Whether you are a neophyte or an established Jacksonian historian, there is much to enjoy, as well as new material. The footnotes and bibliography are excellent resources and lead to additional sources for the reader. The minute I finished this, I bought the second volume, &quot;Andrew Jackson: The Course of American Freedom, 1822-1832,&quot; also available on Amazon. This first volume is truly an outstanding book
Stephen Ambrose is a masterful historian and storyteller. His two-volume look at Dick Nixon is the best of the many Nixon biographies, but the problem is that Ambrose's Nixon remains elusive. Ambrose is magnificent when he delves into RN's political life, and the minutiae of his Vice Presidential years is particularly strong. But he is weaker when examining Nixon's private relationships, particularly his sterile, tortured relationship with wife Pat.<br />Ambrose inexplicably ignores the abundance of evidence that the Nixon marriage was dismal and increasingly distant after 1960. He insists they were &quot;close&quot; when you would be hard pressed to locate one Nixon loyalist who would agree. Ambrose is no Nixon apologist, his reviews of the Nixon Library (the epitome of hagiography) have been scathing and Ambrose's political views are hardly right-wing. But he seems to have been charmed by the Nixon persona and succumbs to some apologist views here, which is a shame.<br />His examination of the Ike-Nixon relationship is fascinating and complete. Poor Ike just couldn't get rid of the clinging vine Nixon. He tried to dump him from the ticket in 1956, but Nixon cleverly outwitted Eisenhower and remained entrenched as Veep. Ambrose's description of the 1960 campaign is similarly riveting.<br />Despite the flaws, Ambrose is an able, diligent researcher. His footnotes are always dependable and informative, his information factual and complete. This is a first-rate biography of a second-rate man.
This is one hundred pages of pure fluff, poorly arranged, dismally presented and written apparently in the span of six days. Bing Crosby was a towering figure in American entertainment for thirty years, his influence upon Sinatra, Dean Martin, Perry Como, Pat Boone and scores of other singers is glaringly obvious. He was also an Academy Award-winning actor who starred in some of Hollywoods most stellar movies. This book simply doesn't do justice to Bing, his life, talent or the monumental impact he had upon popular culture.<br />The Bing biography to own and cherish is Gary Giddon's recent Bing book, available on Amazon. That books swings, this book is a dismal and shoddy job, worthy of an elementary school report, not a published book.
This is considered the definitive guide for hiking in the Grand Canyon and the strong points of this book are worth noting. The maps are excellent, as are the descriptions of how to get to trail head. However, the book is incomplete in certain areas and outdated. The Grand Canyon has implemented a shuttle system to stem the horrific crowds (I don't see much improvement) and hikers now can't drive to the South Kaibab trail or Hermit's Rest trail. The directions in this book are therefore rendered confusing due to the new restrictions.<br />Most importantly, the authors neglect to stress that in order to successfully complete long hikes at the Grand Canyon, you must be physically prepared. Several times a year I hike to Phantom Ranch at the Colorado river and then back on the Bright Angel Trail. This is nine and a half miles one way with an elevation gain of 5,000 feet. Oftentimes I pass many sick, debilitated and unprepared hikers who quite obviously didn't do any physical preparation for this hike. Physically fit people should be able to do it in 3-4 hours coming up, but many are stuck on the trail for 12 hours and suffering. This could be avoided by exercising and hiking for months in advance in order to enjoy and relish the spectacular experience. Another fabulous challenge is doing a rim to rim hike, but only for those FIT.<br />The author does detail the debilitating and life-threatening heat conditions that exist in the Canyon. I recommend to anyone planning long hikes *not* to attempt them in the summer! Temperatures frequently exceed 110 degrees and heat exhaustion and/or heat stroke can result. The best months to hike in the Grand Canyon are October, November and April.<br />The Grand Canyon (even with the terrible crowds) is a sublime experience and Phantom Ranch is the best part of the canyon. Forget the mule and use your own two feet. It's a magical experience, a great hike and one you will want to do again and again!
This is not an examination of Richard Nixon, it's a book about the author, Monica Crowley. I can't imagine anyone putting any credence in something which consists exclusively of lengthy quotes from Nixon, when Crowley admits she never used a tape recorder and relied on &quot;after the fact notes.&quot; Give me a break! No one has such a prodigious memory as to remain monologues that lasted over an hour and then claim to reproduce Nixon's thoughts verbatim. Yet Crowley miraculously pulls this off.<br />Richard Nixon was notoriously uncomfortable around women. He wasn't around women, he was distant to his own wife and no extra-marital affair has ever been documented. Yet we are supposed to believe that the aging Nixon would place extraordinary trust in a young woman, tell her his innermost secrets and spend vast amounts of time with her talking geo-politics? It's a wonder that fewer people have questioned the credibility of this account. Though the quotes all sound Nixonian in the extreme, a cynic would cry foul with this anemic effort.
Anthony Summers has engaged in a time-honored tradition, popular among journalists of the past 30 years: take a hatchet to Richard Nixon. Does Nixon deserve it? In some respects, yes, but this pathetically-researched book has zero credibility. In 1980, the psycho-biographer, Fawn Brodie, wrote a more telling &quot;expose&quot; of Nixon, though it was also seriously compromised by gaffes and factual mistakes. Summers commits the sin of printing third-hand gossip and stating it as *fact.* This is unforgivable, enough when dealing with someone as ethically bankrupt as Dick Nixon.<br />Summers' most amazing and absurd contentions are that Nixon beat his wife, Pat, even though his footnotes for this blockbuster claim are weak and nebulous. Nixon's relationship with Pat was certainly abusive, but in a passive way: he ignored her existence after 1960. His personality was not a violent one, it was an inwardly-driven and narcisstic personality. Beating his wife never happened and Summers deserves censure for printing this cheap gossip. Summers also claims (ludicrously) that Nixon was a prescription drug abuser in the White House. Never mind that vociferous and verbose Nixon critic John Ehrlichman denied this before his death, and others close to RN said he was too inept to open up a medicine bottle on his own.<br />This is shoddy journalism, transparent and juvenile. If you want to read a scholarly and sober book on Nixon, consult Stephen Ambrose's two-volume Nixon biography available on Amazon.
How can any Beatles fan not be delirious over the arrival of this book? I spent four hours glued to it, lovingly turning each page, laughing, smiling and astounded over so many previously unseen photos. I have 400 Beatles books in my collection in many different languages. This book beats them all in content, style, text, arrangement and producing pure bliss in the reader. Some of the early photos from the Cavern and Hamburg years have appeared before in Mike McGear's 1977 book, but there are other new photos when the boys were so young it's almost piercing to look at them.<br />My only slight criticism is that much of the text was lifted directly from the Beatles Anthology series. This was disappointing, but the soaring positives of this weighty book cancel out any whining. For all of us Beatles fans, this is the apex of what will be offered for a long time. You will cherish this book and get endless hours of fascination and enjoyment from it. John, Paul, George and Ringo...still producing powerful emotions. They always will.
This is most definitely *not* the guide you need to successfully climb Mount Whitney. Though the book is adequate on the preparation necessary for making the summit, it omits one vital piece of information: you must have a day permit in order to hike Whitney. Because this guide was written prior to this rule being implemented, it doesn't contain any warning about this.<br />Every hiker from May 15-October 15 *must* possess a day permit issued from the Lone Pine Ranger Station. Don't think you can hike without it, because there are Rangers strategically posted on the trail and they will ask for the pass. If you don't have it, you will be turned away. I have actually seen hikers from Germany, France and even Australia be turned away because they didn't know about this requirement.<br />Aside from this glaring omission, this book is a fine representation of what you must do to prepare to climb Whitney. A word of caution though, for a first-time climber reading this review. Please do not attempt this hike unless you are supremely physically fit. I have seen many sobering cases of hikers on Whitney who were simply not prepared for the rigors of this climb. Most physically fit people should be able to do the 21 miles in 12-13 hours. If it takes you 24 hours you will suffer and it will be a miserable experience. Train for at least six months before attempting to summit. Be sure and run 25-40 miles a week, hike every weekend at altitude (if practicable)and invest in a good stairclimber. You must have strong quads and calves in order to enjoy the hike and the descent will be brutal on your knees, no matter how fit you are.  Also go out for several 10 hour hikes in order to prepare yourself mentally for this challenge. The mental part of Whitney is as difficult as the physical, particularly on the descent when you've been on the trail for a long time already.
This is an excellent book for the older hiker who does not have a background in the sport or a history of exercising. Climbing Mt. Whitney used to be reserved for the daring or adventurous climber, now it seems everyone and their uncle is attempting it, often with disastrous results. The bottom line is: climbing Whitney in one day (or even 12 hours) is not that difficult *if* you are supremely fit and do a great deal of ancillary exercise for long periods prior to making the ascent.<br />I have seen many hikers suffer brutally on Whitney because they have not done sufficient training prior to the hike. This is not a walk in the park, this is not something to attempt on a lark, nor is it something to take lightly. You must do rigorous physical preparation or your hike will be a hellish and possibly dangerous experience. Most of the hikers I've encountered on Whitney were quite honestly not physically prepared. If you are overweight, have a medical condition or have not properly trained at altitude, don't even consider attempting Mt. Whitney.<br />Sharon Baker Salony does a good job in explaining some of these aspects of the hike, but she does gear the book more towards the older hiker. If you're a physically fit 20-something male (or female), there are better and more complete books for you to consult. But if you're middle-aged and thinking about hiking Whitney for the first time, this book would be beneficial. Remember to acclimate yourself to high altitude before even thinking about doing Whitney and good luck!
This is an excellent book for first-time climbers of Mt. Whitney. The author explains the perils, pitfalls and also the exhilaration of climbing the highest peak in the lower 48 states. The book is especially strong on maps, even though finding Mt. Whitney is not at all difficult; there is only one stop light in Lone Pine, turn there and head up the 14 miles to the portal.<br />A word of caution though, for a first-time climber reading this review. Please do not attempt this hike unless you are supremely physically fit. I have seen many sobering cases of hikers on Whitney who were simply not prepared for the rigors of this climb. Most physically fit people should be able to do the 21 miles in 12-13 hours. If it takes you 24 hours you will suffer and it will be a miserable experience. Train for at least six months before attempting to summit. Be sure and run 25-40 miles a week, hike every weekend at altitude (if practicable)and invest in a good stairclimber. You must have strong quads and calves in order to enjoy the hike and the descent will be brutal on your knees, no matter how fit you are.  Also go out for several 10 hour hikes in order to prepare yourself mentally for this challenge. The mental part of Whitney is as difficult as the physical, particularly on the descent when you've been on the trail for a long time already.<br />In addition, plan to spend at least two nights sleeping at altitude prior to the ascent. Many people simply sleep in their car at Whitney Portal, but if this is an uncomfortable thought, stay at gorgeous Mammoth Lakes, about 150 miles North of Whitney. Mammoth is at 8,500 feet and there are several perfect hikes of 10-12 miles there to prepare for for altitude (Duck Pass is my favorite).<br />Climbing Whitney can be a defining moment in your life. I return every year and look forward to it with relish. If you are fit, properly acclimated and mentally ready, you will find Whitney to be one of the best and most fulfilling things you've ever done in your life. Good luck!r done in your life. Good luck!
I've climbed three of California's 14,000 foot peaks and this book was very disappointing. There is simply not enough viable information on each of the hikes. There are massive amounts of extraneous material on each peak such as the history of various climbs and minutiae not interesting or relevant to a hiker of today. Every hiker using this book needs to know the difficulty of the hike, the elevation gain, the round-trip distance and details about locating the trailhead. Only the latter point is adequately addressed here.<br />Take Mt. Whitney, for example. This is the premiere California hike and one of the essential hikes for anyone in North America. The information on Whitney given in this book is extensive but not really useful. I relied on other guide books to direct me to Whitney Portal and give me meaningful information before making the ascent.<br />The strong area of the book is ample information on altitude acclimazation, the dreadful prospects of developing HAPE (High Altitude Pulmonary Edema) and methods of preparing your body for the rigors of high altitude climbing. If you're interested in vicarious climbing or just in the history of each peak, this is a fine book. But if you're an active hiker anticipating or training for these peaks, there are much better books for this purpose.
This is such a childish book, conceived in the mind of an adolescent bird  brain. The plot is non-existent, the character development weak and absurd  in places and it's so self-absorbed as to make one laugh. It's nothing more  than prostitution to hitch your star to Grant's wagon when in actuality Ev  Ehrlich couldn't shine Grant's book. Talk about a Grand Canyon gulf in  talent, intelligence and accomplishment!
If you have a child or young teen who wants to explore the fascinating and misunderstood General Grant, then this is the premiere offering. Marrin has  done an excellent job in illuminating Grant's complex life, but he does it  in an interesting and understated way. The text is basically error-free and  is enlivened with numerous photographs of Grant throughout his life. The  choice of photographs is excellent.<br />The book is also conducive to reading  out loud and that is an option if your child is still struggling with  learning to read. Adults can also read and enjoy the text which is never  condescending or hokey. Though the words are simple, the ultimate effect is  highly competent.<br />This is the best juvenile biography on Ulysses S. Grant  by a wide margin. Marrin has done an excellent job in introducing Grant to  a young audience. I highly recommend it.
Even a dedicated Lennonphile who find new material in this well-written and poignantly sad examination of John's last year. The closer Rosen edges  towards the assassination, the sadder and more wistful the reader feels.  It's puzzling and amazing that an icon like Lennon was not very happy  towards the end of his too-short life. The book brings out the numerous  infidelities that marred the Lennon-Ono partnership, supposedly one of the  greatest love stories of the era. Yoko comes off fairly well here, which is  surprising considering the usually brutal treatment she receives at the  hands of biographers.<br />Her manipulative nature is exemplified in Lennon's  decision to include Yoko's pathetic musical material on his last album,  &quot;Double Fantasy,&quot; which was utterly compromised by having Yoko  wail on every other track. Her control over Lennon's decision-making  processes is detailed here and is sobering. It's frustrating that John  relied upon Yoko so heavily in making professonal decisions when his  musical career had benn nearly without parallel.<br />Ultimately this is an  interesting and well-written book with few errors of fact and some new  information (rare for any Beatles-related book). One of the most depressing  nights of my life was when I heard John was killed, and this book brings  back the anguish quite well. Twenty years later, all Lennon fans will  eternally ask themselves how much more great music John had within him.  Tragically, we will never know because of Mark David Chapman.
Kenneth William wrote a series of five books on Ulysses S. Grant in the 1950's. He died before he could complete his supposedly &quot;definitive  treatment&quot; of Grant the general. Williams' books are well-researched  and you will find few factual gaffes. However, his writing style is often  torturous and his passion for meaningless minutiae will probably drive you  crazy. He excels in listing every detail of a battle until you're shaking  your head or holding it as you reach for the aspirin bottle.<br />Williams'  reverence for Grant is evident throughout. He is also peculiarly defensive  about the issue of Grant's occasional over-indulgence in whiskey and in his  footnotes he becomes almost hysterical on this topic. This type of  hagiography is misplaced in a serious work and seriously undermines the  credibility of the work. William's five volumes have been pretty much  forgotten in the modern era and for good reason. He tells the reader almost  nothing about Grant as a human being, his private life (pivotal in Grant's  story) is regally ignored throughout.<br />If you are interested in examining  Grant as a general, opt for the much superior books by J.F.C. Fuller,  available on Amazon. This is a lifeless and boring treatment of a highly  complex and fascinating man.
Without a doubt this is the most poorly-researched historical biography I  have ever read. It's amusing that other reviewers here dismiss the  criticism that the book is laden with errors and have a &quot;don't  care&quot; attitude about it. Why would anyone want to read a book that has  hundreds of factual mistakes? Curious indeed.<br />Perret specializes in  breezy and fairly incompetent treatments of historical personalities. He  moves from icon to icon, skimming the surface, engaging in haphazard  research and producing pop biographies which are always compromised by  egregious errors. He's written books on Ike, MacArthur and his new study  will examine JFK. The old adage &quot;Jack of all trades, master of  none&quot; immediately comes to mind. There is never anything new in his  books and one can always count the mistakes on nearly every  page.<br />Perret's limitations with Grant are obvious to anyone with even a  peripheral interest in the subject. Others have listed and detailed the  mistakes, but they cripple the book and ultimately make it something of a  joke. Dates, personalities, people and battles are constantly being  mangled, mixed up and treated incompetently. Perret's analysis of Grant's  complex personality is something out of &quot;17 magazine,&quot; it's so  wide of the mark it's ludicrous.<br />None of the major players in Grant's  life are profiled correctly. His take on Grant's wife, Julia is incorrect  and mistake-ridden. Similarly, his profiles of Sherman, Rawlins and Lincoln  are also facile and obtuse.<br />His writing style is mid-Victorian and  quirky. There are some passages that are rather moving and beautifully  written, but then a misstatement of fact is thrown in to ruin the mood. For  anyone with an interest in Grant or the civil war, this is a primary book  to avoid. It's the nadir of scholarship, devoid of any revelations about  Grant as a man or military entity. It is also crippled with mistakes of the  most rudimentary nature. Grant deserved much better than this treatment.. Grant deserved much better than this treatment.
Kenneth William wrote a series of five books on Ulysses S. Grant in the 1950's. He died before he could complete his supposedly &quot;definitive  treatment&quot; of Grant the general. Williams' books are well-researched  and you will find few factual gaffes. However, his writing style is often  torturous and his passion for meaningless minutiae will probably drive you  crazy. He excels in listing every detail of a battle until you're shaking  your head or holding it as you reach for the aspirin bottle.<br />Williams'  reverence for Grant is evident throughout. He is also peculiarly defensive  about the issue of Grant's occasional over-indulgence in whiskey and in his  footnotes he becomes almost hysterical on this topic. This type of  hagiography is misplaced in a serious work and seriously undermines the  credibility of the work. William's five volumes have been pretty much  forgotten in the modern era and for good reason. He tells the reader almost  nothing about Grant as a human being, his private life (pivotal in Grant's  story) is regally ignored throughout.<br />If you are interested in examining  Grant as a general, opt for the much superior books by J.F.C. Fuller,  available on Amazon. This is a lifeless and boring treatment of a highly  complex and fascinating man.
This CD-ROM is intended for use in the classroom and is geared for Middle School and High School students. Without a doubt this will lull to sleep  even the most dedicated teenager achiever. The actor chosen to play Grant  is a joke. He is a clone of Burl Ives and bears no resemblance to Grant  whatsoever. Watch particularly in the section on the battle of Shiloh when  his fake beard falls off slightly and the actor hastily adjusts it. Talk  about a cheap production. This is probably the only scene which will cause  students wo perk up their ears and crack a smile.<br />The actress chosen to  play Grant's wife is a more inspired choice. She is actually quite witty  and her impersonation of Julia is excellent. She reads sections from  Julia's memoirs and does it with vim and vigor. Really quite an interesting  performance. Otherwise, the CD is poorly made, cheaply arranged and  illuminates Grant not in the slightest.
The point of Franklin Roosevelt's brilliant fireside chats and other  seminal speeches was that the listener could hear his voice and experience  his charisma. This is impossible with this book which is merely lifeless  words on the printed page. Of course some of FDR's speeches make  interesting reading, but the entire thrust of his message is lost without  the resonant voice and the indefinable &quot;something&quot; he brought to  the microphone.<br />Just yesterday I was listening on CD to FDR's  incomparable Pearl Harbor speech from December 8, 1941. Even though this  was long before I was born, I always get goosebumps listening to his  intonations, the cheering from the Representatives and Senators and the  feeling that you are actually witnessing history. There is none of this in  this book, where reading speeches is a paltry substitute (at best) for  listening to FDR, who was perhaps the most effective Presidential orator of  the 20th century. Those who extol Reagan as an effective and charismatic  communicator need to listen to Roosevelt.<br />My advice is to buy a CD with  the collected speeches of FDR and ignore this book. The idea is good but  the premise flawed. You need to hear Roosevelt's voice, not merely read his  words.
This is not a bad book, but is a breezy and non-scholarly look at the most  important President of the 20th century. Miller's research is haphazard and  he puts too much weight on witnesses who were unreliable and discredited by  better historians. Miller grossly exaggerates the extent of FDR's  womanizing in the 1910's and bases his assumptions on a witness who is a  proven liar. A more methodical writer would have avoided this  mistake.<br />Similarly, his take on the FDR-Eleanor relationship is also wide  of the mark and inaccurate. His anti-Eleanor bias is evident and he makes  several misstatements of fact. Blanche Wiesen-Cook's recent two-volume  Eleanor books are the better and definitive treatment.<br />If you are serious  about FDR, you will rely upon the superior books on him by Kenneth Davis,  Geoffrey Ward and Frank Freidel.
The entire premise of this book is that Paul was really the innovator and  avant-garde  member of the Beatles, not John. This is repeated ad nauseum  until one wants to throw the book away in disgust. Paul is a musical  genius, he has riches, fame and security beyond anyone's wildest dreams.  It's unseemly and does his reputation on good to whine about John being  erroneously exalted as the &quot;cool&quot; Beatle when Paul now claims  Lennon was actually spending the 60's stoned out of his mind and hiding  away while Paul was skipping around Harlem hanging with the movers and  shakers of hippydom.<br />Make no mistake, I idolize Paul and have ever since  the age of two. There is much interesting material, though the factual  gaffes are way too numerous, such as getting George Harrisons' birth date  wrong and constant mistakes on the release dates of various Beatles  singles.<br />History judges such minutiae as &quot;who was the coolest and  hippest Beatle&quot; and for now, John wears the crown. Paul should quietly  accept that fate and move on without complaint. Did either ever write as  well without the other? Of course not, but that's another story for  &quot;Another Day.&quot;
This book is billed as the definitive explanation of Hitler, yet is so laden with errors as to rob the book of any credibility. Moreover,  Rosenbaum writes with a torturously turgid style that meanders and lurches,  never touching ground. His translation of original German letters (such as  Hitler's letter to Mimi Reiter) are continually wide of the mark. Many  times the entire thrust of the letters are changed due to problems and  blatant mistakes in the translation.<br />Rosenbaum adheres to the  psycho-babble school of Hitlerism prevalent in the 1970's. He relies on  discredited or fabricated sources such as Otto Strasser, the OSS Report and  pop biographer like Ralph G.L. Waite. Nowhere is their a cogent or  reasonable explanation for both Hitler's banality and his evil. <br />It's  amazing that such a poorly written book garnered favorable reviews and was  a best seller. Don't be suckered, get John Toland's steady, readable and  reliable Hitler biography from 1976 and avoid this trash with its multitude  of mistakes.
This is really a slap-dash job, and nothing on this CD will enlighten you to the merits of Ulysses S. Grant. This is based on an 1868 book by Albert  Richardson and my suggestion is to eschew this format and buy the original  book, which can be obtained for under $20 at various Internet used book  outlets.<br />The original book by Richardson is one of the best Grant  biographies from the 19th century and surprisingly, it's not particularly  dated. Opt for the book instead of this CD.
The title of this book, &quot;Grant: A Novel&quot; is misleading, since  Ulysses S. Grant appears in only 50% of the pages. Instead, Byrd has chosen  to divide the book into a number of subplots, one of which completely  compromises the readability of this novel (the plot involving Mr. Trist).  Why he chose to use this method will remain an eternal mystery, because  these fictional characters ruin an otherwise good read.<br />Byrd makes a  number of factual gaffes concerning Grant, but his psychological analysis  of this complex man is excellent. Curiously, he omits much reference to  Grant's wife, Julia, who was an integral part of his life, and his  treatment of Grant's children, though brief, is facile and inaccurate. He  also makes many mistakes in the time frame of the novel (Twain was not  meeting with Grant weekly in 1880) and his scenes with Grant and Twain  never ring completely true. Grant was a much more multi-dimensional  character than the monosyllabic Sphinx depicted here.<br />Still, Byrd writes  well when he focuses on Grant, which he should have done at the exclusion  of his irritating and ultimately defeating subplot involving Mr. Trist.  Anyone with a serious interest in the real Ulysses S. Grant will  concentrate on non-fictional examinations of his life and avoid this book,  which is inaccurate and not particularly interesting.
This book was poorly translated and even in the original German, Fest is a heavy writer, turgid and hardly scintillating. This compilation is laden  with errors, some major, some not, but the ultimate effect compromises the  integrity of this book. It's absurd, for example, to make the statement  that Hermann Goering's Nuremberg defense was anything but brilliant. One  can loathe what Goering stood for and decry Nazism and its atrocities, but  to deny that Goering stole the show at Nuremberg is historically  inaccurate.<br />There are many better summations of the Nazi leadership than  here. This is as dry as timber and about as edifying.
As a long-time fan of Gore Vidal (both the man and his work) I was  disappointed with Kaplan's treatment. He is overly fawning of Vidal and  looks at all events soley through his subject's eyes. The result is a  fawing biography with little, if any, critical analysis or realism about  Vidal. Kaplan also has a propensity for constantly droning on about Gore's  good looks. Every few pages we are reminded that Vidal was  &quot;handsome,&quot; striking&quot; or given details about his mesmerizing  pulchritude. Enough, already.<br />There was ample gossip and name dropping,  so if you're into dirt on the Kennedy's, Capote or Gore himself, you won't  be disappointed. But if you're seeking a serious or even semi-critical  examination of Gore, flaws and all, you won't find it here.<br />It's a shame,  because few men of any generation have had the brains, wit and talent of  Gore Vidal, but he has proven elusive to the picklocks of biographers.
The quality of this book is what first grabs you. The paper is thick,  glossy and has weight, it reproduces 19th century photographs beautifully.  The text is ancillary and never intrudes upon the primary focus here, which  are the photographs of Lincoln, his family and the people who shaped his  extraordinary life. The text illuminates and expands upon the photographs,  giving dates and other pertinent information.<br />If you're looking for a  full-scale biography of Lincoln, look elsewhere, this is primarily a visual  treat and one of the better photographic compilations on any President.
Ambrose edited the Eisenhower Papers project for many years and finally  turned his talents on writing a military biography of Ike. The Ike opus is  infinitely superior to Ambrose's earlier biography on Henry Halleck and his  research and knowledge about his subject is obvious throughout.<br />The only  &quot;criticism&quot; I have is that Ambrose is blatantly biased in Ike's  favor and makes no bones about it. The first words in his introduction are,  'Dwight Eisenhower was a great and a good man,&quot; which is undoubtedly  true, but a biographer should take more pains to disguise their own  feelings. There is very little criticism of Ike in Ambrose's work, which  borders on the hagiography. Perhaps a bit more of Harry Truman's invective  towards Eisenhower could have infused these pages.<br />Still, Ambrose is a  wonderful writer and his works are always fun to read and informative. This  is an excellent look at Eisenhower in World War II, even if it is a  completely uncritical examination.
Ambrose edited the Eisenhower Papers project for many years and finally  turned his talents on writing a large-scale biography of Ike. In this  project Ambrose lectures for one hour on his favorite hstorical topic. The  result are mixed.<br />Ambrose has always been blatantly biased in Ike's favor  and makes no bones about it. His first words are, 'Dwight Eisenhower was a  great and a good man,&quot; which is undoubtedly true, but a biographer  should take more pains to disguise their own feelings. There is very little  criticism of Ike in Ambrose's work, which borders on the hagiography.  Perhaps a bit more of Harry Truman's invective towards Eisenhower could  have infused this tape.<br />Still, Ambrose is a wonderful writer and his  works are always fun to read and informative. This is interesting listening  even if it is a completely uncritical examination.
Ambrose edited the Eisenhower Papers project for many years and finally  turned his talents on writing a large-scale biography of Ike. The Ike opus  is infinitely superior to Ambrose's earlier biography on Henry Halleck and  his research and knowledge about Ike is obvious throughout.<br />The only  &quot;criticism&quot; I have is that Ambrose is blatantly biased in Ike's  favor and makes no bones about it. The first words in his introduction are,  'Dwight Eisenhower was a great and a good man,&quot; which is undoubtedly  true, but a biographer should take more pains to disguise their own  feelings. There is very little criticism of Ike in Ambrose's work, which  borders on the hagiography. Perhaps a bit more of Harry Truman's invective  towards Eisenhower could have infused these pages.<br />Still, Ambrose is a  wonderful writer and his works are always fun to read and informative. This  is still the definitive look at Eisenhower, even if it is a completely  uncritical examination.
This is biography the way it should be written, but too often historians  are bland and brittle as writers. McCullough writes masterfully and holds  the reader throughout 1,000 pages on the life of Harry Truman. This is one  of the most superb historical biographies I have ever read because  McCullough never stumbles: his research is impeccable, his writing style is  enjoyable and his bias is kept at a minimum. Though it's obvious he admires  (and perhaps even reveres) Truman, he never verges on hagiography. He  balances the portrait with critical examination of his subject as  well.<br />McCullough also creates the sense of what it was like to be a  farmer in Missouri in the 1920's; the reader can smell the corn, see the  hay and feel the searing hear. He also illuminates just how *hard* Truman  had to work in those years, the backbreaking labor farmers endured then is  detailed throughout these middle chapters. He also never loses sight of the  importance of Bess in Harry's story. McCullough reprints many of his love  letters to her, which make engrossing reading. He doesn't neglect the  private side of this very public man.<br />This is historical biography at its  zenith and this will stand as the preeminent Truman biography for many  years to come. Highly recommended.
Hoogenboom has produced a readable and scholarly look at Rutherford B.  Hayes. His research is able and exhaustive and there are few (if any)  errors of fact here. It's interesting that he spends much time on Hayes'  sometimes neglected civil war career, with interesting results. Hayes  emerges as a fairly interesting, if not always sympathetic character and a  man who was highly intelligent.<br />Hoogenboom also illuminates Hayes' happy  marriage to Lucy, and the tragedies they endured while losing some of their  children. He throws ample light on Hayes as a human being and as a man, as  well as a soldier and eventually President.<br />I recommend this book to  anyone with an interest in Antebellum politics, Hayes or America in the  late 19th century.
I did not know a great deal about Edison before reading this book and this  served as a fascinating introduction. After visiting Edison's lab in West  Orange, N.J. I became intrigued with him and wanted to learn more. Israel's  book served as the perfect introduction to this complex and fascinating  genius.<br />I emjoyed the fact that Israel divided the biography between  Edison's professional scientific life and his complicated and sometimes  bizarre private life, with strained relationships with his children and two  marriages. Despite the fact Edison left much to be desired as a father, one  almost feels sorry for him. Apparently his towering intellect made it  difficult for him to connect emotionally with the more &quot;plebian&quot;  sorts of people (which was everyone else on the planet). His sons struggled  under the mighty shadow their father cast.<br />I highly recommend this book  for anyone with a casual or serious insterest in the Wizard of Menlo Park.
Unless you're purchasing this book for a child, avoid it. The text is written at the level of a fourth grader and the conclusions drawn are about  as weighty. There are numerous errors pockmarking the book, some of them  not inconsequential (Grant did not graduate from West Point in 1845, but  1843).<br />If you want a readable and scholarly book on either Grant or Lee,  don't buy a dual biography. Each man is much too vast and important to  cover in such a manner. Opt for Emory Thomas' Lee biography and Campaigning  with Grant by Horace Porter. These books will illuminate the titans of the  civil war much better than this sorry effort.
Though Vidal is known primarily as a novelist, his essays are his greatest and most lasting monument. It's impossible to read this mammoth collection and not marvel at his incredible wit, intellect and astounding irreverence.  If I could live anyone elses life, this man's would be it: for excitement,  pure intellect and possessing a world-class sense of humor.<br />Vidal  repeatedly showcases the amazing breadth of his knowledge, particularly in  American history. You may disagree with him politically, but few can deny  his utter mastery as an essayist. It is almost without parallel.
Anyone with ever a remote interest in U.S. Grant will already know most of these quotes. It probably took the author a half an hour to assemle them and ready them for publication. If you are seriously interested in getting  to know the real Grant, then read his memoirs, one of the great books  written in the English language. Most of these quotes are extracted from  Grant's memoirs, without editorial comment (mercifully).<br />This is just a  slap-dash job designed to be sold in a &quot;Cracker Barrel&quot;  restaurant waiting area. If you're willing to invest a few days of  meaningful time, read Grant's memoirs and avoid this ridiculous exercise in  assembling quotes out of context.
Gore Vidal is brilliant, witty, clever, irreverent and a marvelous writer but I was a little disappointed with this first installment of his  autobiography. His life has been more multi-faceted and exciting than  almost anyone elses, but in some inexplicable way the telling of his story  falls short. There was adequate amounts of &quot;juicy gossip&quot; and the  obligatory details of many sexual exploits, but true revelation and  introspection is lacking.<br />That is curious, considering Vidal has never  been shy about speaking his mind and airing his (and everyone else) dirty  laundry in public. He remains one of the most gifted American writers, but  his true brilliance is in writing essays, not autobiography.
I grew up listening to my parents talk about Harry Truman and the 1948 election. No one thought Truman had a chance and everyone went to bed believing Tom Dewey would be the next President. Boy, was everyone wrong,  from the reporters who covered the campaign, to H.V. Kaltenborn, the famous  radio announcer of that era, to the new political pollsters. All were left  with egg on their faces when Truman won over 300 electoral votes and swept  to victory.<br />This book demonstrate the importance of the farm vote  switching mightily to Truman as the campaign wore on, and how Dewey was  impossibly arrogant and stopped active campaigning on mid-October, thinking  he had the election sewn up! Most of all, this is a tribute to the plucky  Harry Trumam, who never conceded, never doubted he would win, and  throughout his famous whistle-stop tour, gave 'em hell. A stirring account  of the agreat campaign.
I admire Dalleck and think he's an able historian, but volume two is leagues inferior to volume one, &quot;Lone Star Rising.&quot; Dalleck glosses over LBJ's Vice Presidential years in twenty pages and reveals  little new material from the early 1960's. His treatment of the JFJ-LBJ  political and personal relationship also is lacking.<br />Robert Caro is  writing the definitive treatment of LBJ and Caro is a more accomplished  writer, but Dalleck at least cuts Johnson a break and sees the good in this  flawed giant. Dalleck is particularly good at illuminating the Great  Society and Johnson's sweeping social programs. His military treatment of  Vietnam is hardly penetrating.<br />This is an adequate book on Johnson as  President, but not as gripping as the initial volume.
I grew up listening to my parents talk about Harry Truman and the 1948 election. No one thought Truman had a chance and everyone went to bed believing Tom Dewey would be the next President. But everyone was wrong,  from the reporters who covered the campaign, to H.V. Kaltenborn, the famous  radio announcer of that era, to the new political pollsters. All were left  with egg on their faces when Truman won over 300 electoral votes and swept  to victory.<br />This book demonstrate the importance of the farm vote  switching mightily to Truman as the campaign wore on, and how Dewey was  impossibly arrogant and stopped active campaigning on mid-October, thinking  he had the election sewn up! Most of all, this is a tribute to the plucky  Harry Trumam, who never conceded, never doubted he would win, and  throughout his famous whistle-stop tour, gave 'em hell. A stirring account  of a great campaign.
...and this is a big &quot;but.&quot; Caro verges on the hatchet job in volume two. He is a brilliant writer and his research methods are precise and methodical. But his take on LBJ here is overly negative, he always sees  the worst case scenario and it winds up being hard to swallow, even if you  detest Lyndon Johnson. He damns Johnson for stealing elections, when anyone  else worth their salt in Texas in the 30's and 40's did the same thing.  John Connelly ultimately refused further interviews with Caro because he  felt this book was too brutally negative and I concur. So why the five  stars?<br />Because Caro is such an outstanding writer, he turns history into  literature. His way with words is leagues ahead of other historical  biographers, he writes with the flair of a novelist but he backs up his  words with years of dilligent research. What other biographer pulls up  stakes and lives for *five years* in the Texas hill country in order to  better understand his subject? This first volume stands at the pinnacle of  the biographical art, the second volume is slightly less convincing and a  great deal more negative.<br />Many have criticized Caro (Lady Bird and  Connelly most vociferously) for being overly critical of Johnson. I share  this concern and feel he sometimes bends over backwards to &quot;stick it  to&quot; Johnson. Caro has said repeatedly that he will deal with LBJ's  Presidency with a more charitible outlook and this is to be hoped.<br />I am  an unabashed fan of Lyndon Johnson and this will stand as the definitive  biography of him for many years. Though it's caustic and critical, it's so  beautifully written you can read it again and again. A masterpiece of  biography and I can't wait for the third volume. Hopefully, that will be  more forgiving of LBJ.
If you want a quick, easy read on LBJ and don't want many minute details, this is the book for you. It is written in a breezy and readable style, but the research and footnotes here are haphazard, at best. If you want a more  scholarly, reliable look at Lyndon Johnson, Robert Caro and Robert Dalleck  have written the much superior works.<br />However, this biography does  illuminate LBJ's private life quite well and throws additional light on his  complicated relationship with Lady Bird. It is also refreshing to see a  sympathetic biography of Johnson, who has been pilloried for Vietnam and  never given the credit he deserves as the greatest civil rights President  in American history.<br />This is a good introduction for students of LBJ and  will hopefully spur people on to read in greater depth about his flawed  giant of a man.
I confess I couldn't read the entire book, it was simply too awful. I read about half and slept through that because it was written so poorly, I think the author is a child. At least it appeared to me he/she was. I threw it  away because it gave me such a splitting headache, the prose was heavy,  like walking through quicksand. Grant was perhaps the greatest American of  his age after Lincoln and doesn't deserve this sickening character  assassination.
Leni Riefenstahl is a genius, but her life (tragically) was ruined by some poor choices and the fact she was erroneously labelled after the war as &quot;Hitler's mistress.&quot; Here she sets the record straight and  includes some marvelous never-before revealed vignettes on Hitler, Goebbels  and other members of the Nazi hierarchy.<br />Riefenstahl writes of how Hitler  was walking with her on the sand on the Baltic sea and makes a sexual pass  in 1932 as his entourage discreetly hovers in the background. Leni rejects  the pass, as she rejects more vehemently Goebbels' more crude attempts to  bed her later on.<br />There is much more, obviously, that this type of  gossip, but it's riveting nonetheless. If you are an admirer of Leni's  cinematic brilliance or curious about her real relationship with Hitler,  this is a must read.
Does David Irving deserve censure for his grotesque belief that Adolf Hitler knew nothing of the Holocaust? Of course. Is Eberhard Jaeckel the historian to dismantle Irving? No. Jaeckel himself has a long history of  gaffes regarding Hitler. In 1983, he published in in Germany, 'Hitler's  Saemtliche Aufzeichnungen&quot; which purported to publish many  &quot;new&quot; Hitler poems and drawings. The problem was that most of the  work consisted of worthless forgeries. Jaeckel should have known this, any  reputable historian would have known instantly.<br />The problem with Irving  is that he is a diligent researcher, he just is corrupted with blatant  racism which renders his conclusions on the Reich one-sided and specious.  Any historian starting out with Irving's premises is standing on faulty  ground. But Jaeckel is out of his league here and it clearly shows. His  footnotes frequently lead to discredited sources and his conclusions are  haphazard and disjointed.<br />Irving deserves critical, harsh examination,  but it needs to be done by an historian of greater skill and repute than  Jaeckel.
Hermann Goering was a 260 pound morphine-addicted slob when he surrendered to the Americans in May, 1945... a &quot;fat mountain of goo.&quot; Yet in the Nuremberg courtroom, Goering had reduced down to 180 pounds, was drug  free and put up a brilliant defense. There is no doubt Goering was the star  of that courtroom, more than holding his own against the chief American  prosecutor, Robert Jackson.<br />This book gives some of the highlights of the  repartee between the evil but outwardly &quot;genial&quot; Goering and the  hapless Jackson. Ultimately, of course, Goering's complicity in Nazi  atrocities sentenced him to death, but he was able to electrify the court  prior to cheating the hangman. An interesting book, but only for those with  the necessary background on the trials and Goering himself.
I urge anyone to critically question the material in this book before blithely accepting its premise. There is not a scintilla's worth of evidence that Franklin Roosevelt had knowledge of Pearl Harbor prior to the  actual attack on December 7, 1941. The &quot;facts&quot; Stinnett assembles  are *not* facts, but innuendo. Notice his footnotes frequently lead to  discredited sources.  There is no smoking gun that ties FDR to Pearl  Harbor. None. Let Stinnett come up with any iron clad proof for his  slanderous accusations. It will be a long wait because no proof will ever  be forthcoming. Franklin Roosevelt revered the Navy and the suggestion that  he would deliberately allow it to be destroyed (along with 2100 American  boys) is slander of the most obscene order.<br />Stinnett never bothers to  explain a question that goes unanswered: how in the world would a Japanese  attack lure the United States into war with Germany? The U.S. was indeed  fortunate when Hitler made one of his most egregious errors of WWII by  declaring war on America. Had he not done this, there is still no logical  way FDR could have maneuvered American into war against Germany.<br />Stinnett deserves severe censure for this book because it will convince  many ill-informed people that FDR actually did know about the Pearl Harbor  attack. Please investigate the overwhelming evidence in other more  scholarly books that proves conclusively FDR knew nothing about it.
If you do, this is the book for you. Fuller adequately and methodically  shatters the myth that Grant wantonly sacrificed his troops in battle. He  refutes this notion with painstaking tables and charts which proves  (surprise) that Robert E. Lee lost many more men per 1,000 than Grant.  Fuller further shows that Lee's stature as a great general should be on  tenuous hooks and that greater appreciation should be given to Grant's  brilliance.<br />Is the book unbiased? No, Fuller clearly prefers Grant, which  is to his everlasting credit. Had more historians seriously compared Grant  and Lee, USG's reputation wouldn't have been so seriously compromised  today. Fuller lays the facts out on the table and shows that Grant beat Lee  for a reason: he was the premiere American soldier.
The author of this book, Hugh Trevor-Roper, embarrassed himself and sullied his reputation in 1983 when he was the only major historian to vouch for the accuracy of the fake &quot;Hitler diaries.&quot; But in 1947,  when he wrote this book, he was a younger, more cogent and wiser  man.<br />What makes this book interesting is that it is factual, diligently  researched and Roper also relied upon dozens of interviews with Hitler's  intimates. Trevor-Roper was methodical in his questioning, and he  incorporates the recollections of Hitler's inner circle throughout the  narrative.<br />Though it's 50 years old, this book has stood up quite well  and it's a mini classic in its genre.
Morris has recently come into the spotlight for his controversial biography of Ronald Reagan, but this is the better and more readable book. Morris provides just enough introductory material for the novice and he  balances it with in-depth TR coverage for those who crave a more detailed  analysis.<br />Morris examines TR's two marriages, his strained and neurotic  relationship with daughter Alice and his relationship with his children.  This is the strong area of the book, his analysis of TR's professional life  (though adequate) is not revelatory or definitive. He does, however, come  up with much interesting and new information on TR's warmongering stance in  World War I and the death of his youngest son, Quentin, in that war.<br />If  you know little about TR, this is a great introduction. If you already love  him, you will savor this book.
I had my friend read this book aloud to me and I was chagrined at how little the author knew about Ulysses. There were mnany factual gaffes and he gets the General's marriage all wrong. It was most vexing for me to read  this tripe.
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler.<br />Maser's historical  credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had  discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly,  of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The  original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with  photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices,  and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to  tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this  is an excellent book.
Gitta Sereny is not only a prodigious researcher, she also writes beautifully. This is an amazing book, the product of years of interviews with Speer, who heretofore had been regarded as a sort of &quot;good  Nazi.&quot; Sereny exposes the truth: that he knew about Nazi genocide and  was the mastermind behind German's brutal slave labor between  1941-45.<br />Sereny beautifully weaves her story, throwing in wonderful  ancillary observations about the Nazi hierarchy. She includes Speer's  disingenuous criticisms of Hitler (whom he actually worshipped), as well as  his opinions on Goering, Goebbels and Hitler's other minions.<br />Sereny  includes details of Speer's love affair late in life with a much-younger  blonde woman and the dumping of his long-suffering wife after 50 years of  marriage.<br />Most important was Speer's assiduous and desperate attempt to  disguise the fact that he knew about Auschwitz and successfully (until  Sereny) hid it from the world.<br />Sereny deserved the Pulitzer for this  book. Read it and you won't be able to put it down.
Even if you're not interested in Eleanor Roosevelt, you will be after reading this book. Cook writes history the way it *should* be written, with an emphasis on the personality, foibles and private life of her subject.  She doesn't shy away from speculating on Eleanor's relationship with Lorena  Hickock or Earl Miller.<br />She correctly points out that for years people  have denied Eleanor might have had a sexual relationship with Miller simply  because he was young and handsome and she was &quot;old&quot; and  &quot;ugly.&quot; Absurd!<br />My only minor concern was that Cook seems not  to fully appreciate FDR as a man, politician and icon. Her marked  preference for Eleanor is obvious, which really isn't a big concern. Was  FDR a jerk to cheat on Eleanor with Lucy Mercer? Probably not, since  Eleanor hated intimacy with him (and told her daughter &quot;sex is an  ordeal to be borne!&quot;) and never sought to re-establish a real marriage  after 1918.<br />Most men with FDR's looks, charm and natural exuberance would  tolerate a wife who was cold as a fish in the bedroom. I don't believe Cook  accepts this or attempts to understand FDR's frustration.<br />Eleanor  Roosevelt is a truly great and grand lady, multi-faceted, highly  intelligent, compassionate and gritty. Cook has done a marvelous job in  exploring and explaining her early life.
Most people have the ridiculous notion that somehow sex was different in the Civil war, more repressed, less open, less frequent and done in the dark under the covers with guilty consciences. A cursory examination of  civil war literature and letters from the time will quickly dispel that  notion.<br />Lowry is to be admired for tackling this subject, but he really  doesn't reveal anything new. There is much &quot;padding&quot; in this  book, with unnecessary repetition and extraneous chapters which have little  to do with sex.<br />If you're interested in the sexual habits and mores of  the time, it would be more instructive to consult marriage manuals of the  period which are easily obtainable on the Internet. Lowry barely touches  the surface and doesn't really explain much. Perhaps because the simple  truth is that sex is sex, whether it's in 1860 or the year 2000.
Thank God for Robert Caro, who is a brilliant researcher, complier of facts and an outstanding writer. His way with words is leagues ahead of  other historical biographers, he writes with the flair of a novelist but he  backs up his words with years of dilligent research. What other biographer  pulls up stakes and lives for *five years* in the Texas hill country in  order to better understand his subject? This first volume stands at the  pinnacle of the biographical art.<br />Many have criticized Caro (John  Connelly most vociferously) for being overly critical of Johnson. I share  this concern and feel he sometimes bends over backwards to &quot;stick it  to&quot; Johnson. Caro has said repeatedly that he will deal with LBJ's  Presidency with a more charitible outlook and this is to be hoped.<br />I am  an unabashed fan of Lyndon Johnson and this will stand as the definitive  biography of him for many years. Though it's caustic and critical, it's so  beautifully written you can read it again and again. A masterpiece of  biography.
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
This is admittedly a beautifully-written novel about Ulysses S. Grant. But there are a number of grating errors which begs the question: why didn't the author do a little more research? Had Richard Parry bothered to read  even minimally about Grant, he would not have claimed he was &quot;born and  raised in Galena, Illinois.&quot; In fact Grant never laid eyes on Galena  until he was in his late 30's. Grant was also not the Colonel of the  &quot;221st Illinois Regiment.&quot; Such bizarre and unnecessary gaffes  seriously compromise the integrity of the novel.<br />Some will think this  criticism is foolish, after all, who expects an historical novel to concern  itself with accuracy? But Parry makes its plain that he was intent on  producing a novel which was strictly based on fact and actual  events.<br />Unfortunately he misses the mark here. If you are only a marginal  follower of Grant's career this is an adequate introduction, but it would  be wiser to read non-fiction, creditible treatments on his life by Bruce  Catton, Brooks Simpson or John Y. Simon.
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series.<br />People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man.
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
I had the opportunity of corresponding and meeting John Toland when I was a teenager and he was a remarkable man and a great writer. This is by far the best and most readable biography ever written on Hitler. Toland  eschews, thankfully, the ridiculous psycho-babble which ruins many other  major Hitler biographies.<br />Toland interviewed over 300 people close to  Hitler: Tradul Junge, his secretary, Max Wunsche and Richard Schultze, his  adjutants, Eva Braun's best friend and many others. He went to the source  and his oral interviews constitute a tremendous historical  resource.<br />Toland shows that Hitler was sexually normal, which is  important since Hitler's supposed &quot;deviant sexuality&quot; is the  lynchpin of many inferior books.<br />If you are to read one book about Adolf  Hitler, make it this one. Nothing better has come down the pike in the 25  years since this books publication. For anyone interested in the history of  the 20th century and World War II, this is a must read.
Rhea delivers again with a taut, well-written appraisal of Grant and Lee grappling in Virginia. I found this more enjoyable than his earlier two works on the Wilderness and Spotsylvania. His examination of the resources  alloted to Grant and Lee and the decisions each made made was  insighful.<br />Though Rhea sometimes appears to tilt his hat in favor of  Robert E. Lee, the bias is minimal at best and never detracts from the flow  of the narrative. For anyone interested in the Virginia campaign of '64,  this is a must read.
It is disheartening that this pathetic novel is being misconstrued by the media as a non-fiction book or that it somehow represents a truthful Grant. Let me be the first to tell you, it does not.<br />In this novel, we see Grant raping a woman. For anyone acquainted with the real Ulysses Grant, this is  a blasphemous accusation and one completely alien to the character of the  real man. Of all the acts capable in human beings, rape is an act the real  Grant would have been incapable of doing. When he once encountered a rapist  in 1864, he hit him over the head with a musket, in a rare display of  temper.<br />The ancillary characters do not resemble their real counterparts.  Sherman is incapable of speaking a single sentence without throwing in the  &quot;F&quot; word. Poor Sherman is forced to say the &quot;F&quot; word  forty times per page. How about Grant's description of Julia, his wife, in  the book? When he first meets her the fictional Grant muses, &quot;Julia,  far from being a lithe, enchanting reproduction of her sister, was a  female, cross-eyed version of her old man...she was a short, fat,  cross-eyes girl who did not want me...&quot; In fact, Grant's opinion of  his wife is the opposite of how it is represented in this nauseating  novel.<br />The author's take on Grant is so wide of the mark is at once  laughable and offensive. I strongly urge anyone considering buying this  ... to first examine Grant's own brilliant memoirs and then select a  *non-fiction* entry from Amazon.com on Grant. <br />Believing anything from  the pages of this book is an insult to a great and much-maligned American  hero. Do yourself and Grant a favor and purchase a competent biography of  him. His character and deeds deserve examination and respect, neither of  which is present in this polemic treatment.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in!  their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in!  their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
This is a controversial book because of one reason: the author maintains he witnessed Grant getting drunk during the Vicksburg campaign in 1863. Why this is particularly contentious with Grant supporters is a trifle mystifying, but Grant fans still vociferously contend the author &quot;embellished&quot; or &quot;lied&quot; about the drinking binge. Never mind that two other people who were also with Grant corroborate the drinking story. Never mind that his chief of staff specifically wrote about the binging in a private letter.<br />Aside from this drinking anecdote, the book is a warm, rich portrayal of General Grant from a man with a discerning eye. Cadwallader relates many small incidents of Grant's everyday life as a man and as a general that are fascinating and not to be found in other first-person narratives.<br />Cadwallader truly loved Grant and his book shows his regard and his profound attachment to him. It's a pity that so many people denigrate such a fine book simply because they feel the author's memory was fallible or because they refuse to see Grant as a multi-facted man. A man with his share of human frailties and weaknesses, but still a towering individual: a great general and a man of uncommon moral fiber and decency. If you know little about Grant, this is a good place to begin a journey in seeking to know him as a man and as a great soldier who saved the union.
It's a great pity in Grant scholarship that the author of this book, Lloyd Lewis, died prematurely and was not able to continue his trilogy of Grant. Though the able Bruce Catton continued the project, he was never the writer or researcher that was Lloyd Lewis. This book is a remarkably accurate and clear portrayal of Ulysses Grant as a young man. The book ends on the eve of the Civil War, when Grant was stuck in his father's leather shop, bored and aching for something meaningful to do with his life. At 39, the civil war found Grant (or Grant found the  war, take your pick) and history was never the same.<br />Lewis was known for his punctilious and dilligent research and it is a pleasure to read a book devoid of errors and rich in interpretation. He illuminates Grant as he *really* was: a decent, engaging, modest and clear-headed young man, destined for greatness but not quite knowing what to do with his considerable talents. This is one of the most outstanding Grant biographies and a must-read for anyone interested in the life and times of our greatest general.
McFeely won the Pulitzer Prize for this book in 1982, but the conclusions he reaches about his subject have drawn fire ever since. Those sympathetic to Grant correctly point to errant assumptions and mistakes in character analysis. Most glaring is McFeely's insistence that Grant gloried in carnage, was insensitive to death and suffering, and was an incompetent chief executive.<br />Actually Grant was one of the most exquisitiely sensitive men ever born and was nothing like the 'butcher' that McFeely describes. However, the research in the book is oustanding and there are very few factual errors to be found. This contrasts markedly to Geoffrey Perret's recent 1997 Grant biography, which contained inaccuracies on nearly every page. McFeely is most solid in the period of Reconstruction, though he is usually overly prone to criticize the hapless Grant. Throughout many chapters, it seems the General can't buy a break.<br />McFeely's greatest admiration for Grant is contained in two areas of his life: his family relationships, specifically his loving marriage to wife Julia, and his abilities as a writer. McFeely leaves no doubt that he regards Grant's 1885 Memoirs as one of the great books ever written and the best part of this biography is in explaining the processes Grant used to produce such a masterpiece, while dying of throat cancer.<br />With its flaws and uneven treatment of Grant, McFeely's book cannot be considered definitive, but it is still the only complete biography of Grant written in the past 30 years. Perret's limping entry isn't even in the same league as this book, in accuracy, writing or research. To sum up: overly critical, but a must read for Civil War buffs.
If you had to read one book about U.S. Grant as a man this is it. Horace Porter knew Grant quite well and thought he book was written in 1896, it still retains a vibrancy and modernity to it. Porter wrote the book in an almost conversational style which is entertaining and interesting. Do you want to know how much Grant weighed or how tall he was? What kinds of foods he liked? How about a description of him necking with his wife in full view of Lincoln and his staff officers? Look no further than between the covers of this remarkable book. I guarantee you won't be able to put it down!
Ulysses S. Grant has been shafted and misunderstood throughout the century since his passing. This book rectifies that slight. I've exhaustively examined the author's interviews and notes for this book and can attest that his scholarship is unparrelelled. Garland truly and completely understood his subject in his many nuances. This is the premier Grant biographty, unsullied by the passage of 100 years since its publication. If you seek to know Grant as he really was, Garland's bio is a MUST HAVE.
Julia Dent Grant is sadly an almost forgotten figure in American history, but her book is a fascinating, intimate journey into the heart and soul of a 19th century woman.  Julia and Ulysses Grant shared a mythical love which transcends time and retains an uncommon vibrancy. The book was written in the 1890's but was never published until 1975, yet the narrative is surprisingly modern and engaging. No shrinking violet, Julia wrote as she lived: with an open intensity and irreverence which is oftentimes hilarious.   She rarely masks her feelings and says exactly what she thinks. The most engrossing portions of her book relate to her life with General Grant. Their courtship had been strained by a 4 year separation, followed by another 2 year period when Grant was stationed alone in California. When the Grants were together all was merry, but when apart, his spirits hit the skids. Grant was emotionally beholden to his wife to a rare degree and she gaily capitalized on his need.  Julia herself was exceedingly plain and knew it. It pained her that her unfortunate physical appearence allowed her scant latitude in society and others gossiped about her defects. Incredibly, General Grant never seemed to notice or care that his wife was a plain Jane and behaved in a most uxorious manner when in her company. Whatever complexes Julia had about her appearence, she reveled in Grant's fame and the reflected glory it cast upon her.  Julia's book is entertaining and significant for all history buffs and it is a notable addition to women's literature of the 19th century. It is as if she was sitting in a rocking chair, sewing basket on her lap, chatting informally about the Union's greatest General and America's most underrated hero. Truly a grand book.
I have dozens of AT books in my library and none comes close to this marvelous read by \\"Indiana Jean\\" Deeds. So many other thru hiker books are whiny, complaining, negative and have a desperate tone to them. Jean was an upbeat, likeable, witty and eternally optimistic hiker and her writing skills are refreshing. The book reads as if she is sitting in your living room, talking about the journey in a conversational tone.<br /><br />Jean paints a fascinating portrait of the other hikers she encounters on the trail and a hilarious group they are. There's even a group of 3 men who carry an inflatable goat with them and call themselves \\"The Goatherders.\\" Jean is also greatly fortunate to have such a dedicated network of friends who meet her on the trail, write her letters and drive from Indiana to the east coast just to keep a bridge date. She also has a 100-year-old penpal whom she has never met but writes her faithfully every month. Sadly, this lady passed away shortly after Jean completes her thru hike.<br /><br />In addition, she includes a fascinating Appendix which updates you on what her companions did after life on the trail.<br /><br />If you are an AT enthusiast, an armchair hiker, or even an avowed coach potato, it matters little because everyone will love this book. I've read it twice in short succession and can say without hesitation: this is the best book about hiking you will ever read!
I enjoy most books about thru hiking the Appalchian Trail and this was no exception. It held my interest enough to read it through on a six-hour airplane trip without once putting it down. It is better written than many other trail tales and one grows to like the author. However, there is a major problem with Hall's narrative: she can't stick to the subject. This is the reason the book somewhat misses the mark.<br /><br />When I purchase a hiking book, particularly one about a six-month AT trek, I expect to read about just this: the hiking. Hall commits the egregious sin of weaving in and out of the narrative long-winded treatises on environmental issues. While I agree completely with her liberal philosophy on the environment, I don't want the look littered with this every few pages. It breaks up the rhythm and becomes increasingly frustrating. In one paragraph she'll be describing the verdant forests of New Hampshire and in the next she'll be off on a diatribe against Ronald Reagan. I can only shudder at what Hall would think of the environmental Neaderthal, George W. Bush, but he hadn't entered office yet when this book was penned. One fervently wishes he had never entered office at all...<br /><br />Adrienne would have been successful had she followed Sergeant Joe Friday's advice and offered \\"just the facts, Ma'am.\\" Tell the reader about the rigors of trail life, lack of food and sleep, trail angels and bugs. Save the (valuable) environmental advice for another book, or at the very least keep in for an appendix at the conclusion of the book.<br /><br />Another criticism I have is the constant gushing over fiancee, Craig. She doesn't say whether she ever married this man or not, but the over-the-top mooning over him grated on the nerves. He seemed like a loveable teddy bear of a guy, but enough is enough. Other reviewers have begrudged her supposed \\"whining,\\" but I didn't notice much of that. If you want to read whining taken to a high art in AT literature, check out Blaney and Ullyart's book \\"A Journey of Friendship\\" for the most nauseating, childish complaining known to mortal man. Much of Hall's displeasure could easily have been avoided had she not made the inexplicable decision to begin hiking from Springer Mtn. in early February!! What was she thinking?<br /><br />I recommend Hall's book, but be forwarned about its tendency to meander and not stick to the subject at hand. Aside from these few criticisms, the book belongs on the shelf of any real or vicarious AT enthusiast.out Blaney and Ullyart's book \\"A Journey of Friendship\\" for the most nauseating, childish complaining known to mortal man. Much of Hall's displeasure could easily have been avoided had she not made the inexplicable decision to begin hiking from Springer Mtn. in early February!! What was she thinking?<br /><br />I recommend Hall's book, but be forwarned about its tendency to meander and not stick to the subject at hand. Aside from these few criticisms, the book belongs on the shelf of any real or vicarious AT enthusiast.
From the title of the book, one would expect intimate (i.e., sexual) tid-bits to be explored in this book. Forget it, Georgia Hale was almost without doubt Chaplin's mistress for several years but this prudish, virginal woman inexplicably chose to present herself as a chaste, untouched maiden, all the while living in Charlie's Summit Drive estate in Hollywood. Georgia Hale was Charlie's co-star in his immortal 1925 film \\"The Gold Rush;\\" she was discovered by Chaplin and she owned her entire career to him. She also fell madly in love with him but claims that she held off sleeping with him because of his (miserably unhappy) second marriage to Lita Grey. Her morality supposedly prevented her from taking the plunge with the Little Tramp. Yeah, right.<br /><br />Georgia writes poorly, wanders all over the place in her style and tells the reader very little about Charlie besides the fact he was moody, brilliant, beautiful, sexy, maddening and immature. Oh yes, let's toss in genius to the mix, but we already knew all of that. Hale was in a unique position of revealing much about Charlie during a pivotal period in his life; she was undeniably close to him and he trusted her and treated her better than he treated many of his other paramours. But she muddies the water with an insipid and irritating style and the absolute crusher is the final chapter. It's an idiotic dream sequence which goes on forever and is both banal and bizarre.<br /><br />The most interesting story in the entire book is when she briefly reunites with Charlie at the Beverly Hills Hotel in 1972. Oona leaves the room and Chaplin asks her, \\"Have you ever married?\\" Even after 40 years, Georgia is still hopelessly besotted with Charlie and breathlessly intones, \\"After you, Charlie, no man could compare.\\" Naturally Chaplin adores this line and showers her with kisses. One senses this was Georgia Hale's greatest moment since Charlie threw her over in the early 30's.<br /><br />In short, a poorly written book, a tome of missed opportunities. Oh, what could have been!tome of missed opportunities. Oh, what could have been!
...and that's saying plenty. Lita Grey Chaplin had at least a hand in producing two books on her brief two-year marriage to Charlie Chaplin. The first book, published in 1966, was ghostwritten, but was much more interesting than this boring, plodding effort. If you're looking for lurid sexual escapades and revelations, opt for the 1966 offering, for there is nothing interesting contained in this book. In fact, the majority of the book is taken up with the complete divorce complaint of the Chaplins from 1927, which makes for stilted, uninspired reading. The photographic section is similarly flat and uninspired. The only thing worth reading in the entire book is the introduction written by Sydney Chaplin, Lita and Charlie's second born son.<br /><br />One other reason for investigating the book is that it shows the unflattering side of Charlie, one which Chaplin addicts (like me) try to avoid confronting. Chaplin was a man of extreme moods and he could be enormously seductive, charming and adorable one minute, and a crude, insensitive cad the next moment. In fairness, Lita trapped Charlie into marriage when she got pregnant at the age of 16. Chaplin was interested in a torrid affair and not a permanent relationship; he demanded she get an abortion, she refused, and he was stuck in a loveless marriage. The whole arrangement was screwy from the get go, but Charlie's notorious aversion to contraceptives again did him in. Chaplin comes off very badly throughout the narrative and Lita even claims she never even loved him. Again, ths is in direct contrast to her 1966 book which shows her to have been a nymphmaniac/besotted Chaplin chick all the way.<br /><br />I'd recommend this only to people who have a mania to read everything ever printed on Charlie; for casual fans, there's no necessity to bother over this tepid trifle.
This book is an absurd joke. It consists of ill-conceievd psychological blather about Hitler and the errors litter every page. More absurd is the collection of ink-blot photos that the author claims Hitler made in the Berlin Bunker. Never mind that no such ink blots were made, with this book the edict is, &quot;when it doubt, invent.&quot; The entire chapter on Hitler's relationship with his niece, Geli, is predictably infantile and heavily derivative of Freud. Miss Klein twists everything around to fit her theories, which have utterly no basis in fact. The entire slim volume is baseless, errant nonsense from beginning to end. You might want to peruse it for a laugh, but as serious history? Perish the thought!
I've long enjoyed Jeff Galloway's articles in &quot;Runners World&quot; and his other running books. This one ranks up there with the best guides on ho w to train for a marathon. It's not preachy or sanctimonious and it offers some sensible tips on how to get yourself in shape to run 26.2 miles. The book is dated, and if you do much of your training on a treadmill, you're out of luck. The book was written before treadmills became a practical way to train indoors in your own home. Aside from this &quot;defect,&quot; the rest of the book is excellent. Whether you're an avowed coach potato, or someone who runs 10 miles a week, the book will get you to the starting line and, hopefully, get you to finish your first race.<br />Running is a joyous activity and one which brings many individual rewards. Finishing your first marathon is one of life's great memories and hopefully, there will be many more for you to savor as you gain experience and fitness. If you're a serious, addicted runner who has never run a marathon, you'll love this book, but the beginners will reap the greatest rewards. It's well-written, fun to read and instructive. Highly recommended.
This is a welcome book for Macca fans everywhere. Though there is absolutely nothing new for people who have long followed Paul's career, for newbies this would be a veritable treasure trove. Paul speaks candidly about John, the Beatles break-up, his marriage with Linda, the infighting among various members of Wings (especially Denny Laine), and his musical legacy. There's nothing about Linda's struggle with breast cancer, her death, or the appearence of Heather Mills. So don't expect any information on Macca's life post-1998.<br />All of this has been discussed ad nauseum by Paul in previous interviews dating back many years. But there are snippets that are marvelous. I especially like his description of he and John slagging off school and assembling in Paul's upstairs bedroom at 20 Forthlin Road to write songs. What wouldn't you give to have been on a fly on the wall in that room?<br />The photos are nicely done with some rare and intriguing shots. Not many color shots and the photos from the Beatles years are a little weak. Still, if you love Paul, this is a &quot;must have&quot; for your collection.
I was expecting a thorough examination of the love affair between FDR and Lucy Mercer. The affair has been common knowledge for forty years and it's always touched upon in Roosevelt biographies and documentaries. But this book is a rather crushing disappointment, padded with much unnecessary and repetitive information. Most of the book consists of boring material relating directly to Lucy's life as Mrs. Rutherford in the 20's and 30's. Personally, I was expecting more details on FDR's affair with her throughout WWI, Eleanor's discovery of her love letters in Franklin's suitcase, and then the hysterical control-monster, Sarah Delano Roosevelt, demanding Franklin dump Lucy or risk losing his inheritance. Now that is the stuff of legend!<br /><br />Instead we get a dreary narrative with no new information. The book picks up a bit when Lucy re-enters Roosevelt's life in the 30's and spends considerable time with his in the closing years of his life. Most of their meetings took place in Warm Springs, Georgia, and also in the White House. FDR's daughter, Anna, was the one who invited Lucy to the Executive Mansion while Eleanor was away on one of many tours during the war. It's mindful to recall a remark from Alive Roosevelt Longworth in this context: \\"Franklin deserves a good time. He was married to Eleanor!\\"<br /><br />If you know little about the mechanics of the Lucy-Franklin alliance, this is a well-written and entertaining book. But if you know more about the pair, it wouldn't be particularly revealing. The characterization of Eleanor is especially weak. While I'm not advocating adultery, let's face facts: Eleanor was frigid, disinterested in sex and in the 30's took up close \\"friendships\\" with people like Lorena Hickock (who makes Yogi Berra look gorgeous in comparison). I really can't blame a man as charming and handsome as Franklin Roosevelt pursuing sex outside of marriage. His choice may not have been the \\"moral\\"  one (whatever that means), but it was the only logical thing to do under the circumstances.<br /><br />To sum up, if you're an FDR newbie, this would be nice. If you're not, forget it.ogical thing to do under the circumstances.<br /><br />To sum up, if you're an FDR newbie, this would be nice. If you're not, forget it.
I'm not quite sure why anyone would think to republish this book from 1879, which was not well-received back then and not much read in the intervening 125 years. The market for books on Grant's world travels would appear to be slim, yet several books of that genre have recently been published anew. This is an oddity which I cannot explain. In any event, the Headley book is reasonably accurate, though written in the ploding, irritating style that was so prevalent in that age. Headley did not know Grant, nor did he accompany him on his world journey. He basically cobbled together various newspaper articles relating to the trip and then fashioned them together into this book. There is nothing new here and this would be recommended only for those obsessed with Ulysses Grant and who don't have access to the original version.
I am not a fan of audio books, in fact, this is the first book I have ever listened to on tape. I always dismissed these &quot;book tapes&quot; as something designed for the lazy and illiterate crowd. Boy, was I wrong! This is a great audio book of one of the great books written by an American. The narrator is especially good, with a nice baritone voice. It's almost as if Grant is sitting in your living room, narrating his life story to you.<br />General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was a highly intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
This was one of my favorite books when I was 15 years old. I read it several times and carried it with me around the dreary halls of the oppresive, boring land called High School. Even as a kid I sensed Fitzgerald's amazing writing gift: his effortless way of painting a visual picture in the mind of the reader. He was always extremely funny, off-beat and his charactizations are usually on the mark. Though Amory Blaine's psyche wanders a trifle after the first hundred pages, it's impossible not to gravitate towards him, the things he says and the stunts he pulls.<br />After 25 years I picked up the book again recently. Dusting off my old copy, I re-read the pages that had so captivated me as a teenager. Time dulls many things and people change. But I still love the book and think it's a brilliant first novel. Though it's sappy in spots and it definitely lags at the end, Fitzgerald still had a beautiful ability to harness the emotions of the reader into a world now vanished. It's not his most complete or mature work by a wide margin, but it matters not. This is still a great book, especially for young people or those still a kid at heart.
This book made a big splash when it was published, there were oodles of headlines screaming, &quot;Richard Burton was a pedophile!&quot; Ah hem... not quite. The only portions worth reading here are the Burton ones, the rest of the tome is one rather large snooze fest. Kingsland lived a teenage life to die for: as a 14 year old school girl in London, she meets Richard Burton, then 29 and starring in various Shakespearean productions at the Old Vic. Not surprisingly, she was instantly attracted to Burton (what female between the ages of 9 and 90 wouldn't be?), and told him she was 17.<br />Then their affair began. It was long afterwards that Kingsland admitted to Richard that she was actually only 14 years of age, but Burton didn't seem to care, and continued making love to the girl for several more months. He finally dumps her, as he dumped all his mistresses of that era: Jean Simmons, Claire Bloom and Susan Strasberg, to name a few of his thousands of conquests. Kingsland writes well and her chapters on Burton are engrossing, to say the least. Richard comes off as a drunken but charming cad, and his lovemaking prowess seems to have been rather limited: a slam, bam, thank you, ma'am sort of guy. But when you look like that, who is going to complain? There are some problems with dates, the author puts Burton in London when he wasn't there, and he was certainly not playing Hamlet at the Vic in 1954!<br />I can think of worse things than to be deflowered by Richard Burton, even if he should have done the proper thing and waited until this girl was out of school. If you're into Burton, this will do you nicely.
Ulysses Grant has been the subject of many plays in the past hundred years and two of them have actually been quite good: \\"Mr. Grant\\" by Arthur Goodrich and \\"Triumph\\" by Horace Green. In 2002, a new Grant play hit NYC and I can only thank God I never suffered through a performance. For anyone who admires General Grant, this play is an abomination, a hideous malady which bears no resemblance to the actual man, U.S. Grant. Saying that this stains his reputation is sort of like saying that in Hiroshima on August 6, 1945, a small firecracker exploded.<br />Indeed, Guare's characterization of the General seems to have been made up out of while cloth. Grant is scarcely in the play, but when he appears in a wheelchair (which he never used), he spends his entire time ranting and railing. Repeatedly the character of Grant utters no dialogue, the stage directions merely say, \\"USG: rants,\\" or, \\"USG: rails.\\" Guare has Grant doing things he never did: cursing, heaping baseless ridicule his son, U.S. Grant, Jr., and carrying on in a drug-induced stupor throughout two hellishly miserable acts. The Grant in this play is drunk, drug-addicted and a babbling moron.<br />The historical \\"facts\\" in the play are laughable. The Grants are presented as so destitute they can't afford to purchase ice cream. Someone should have informed Mr. Guare that ice cream wasn't sold in pints in 1885, that refrigerators weren't yet invented and Grant never ate ice cream anyway. The Grant depicted here also tells people he was drunk at Cold Harbor, another blasphemous invention.<br />The errors in the book appear predictably throughout the play: Grant never used cannabis; he never courted his wife in Galena, Illinois; Julia Grant never called her husband \\"Lyssy;\\" (!), his daughter did not have a British accent; he never ate \\"calf's foot jelly\\" (God forbid that dish being conjured); Mark Twain never threatened to murder Grant's aide, Badeau; the sculptor Karl Gerhardt never suggested sculpting the General in the nude,  and Grant's man servant was never a soldier at Cold Harbor. Perhaps a little birdie should have whispered in Guare's ear that black soldiers hadn't been integrated into the Army of the Potomac in 1864, but why bother with accuracy?<br />An unintentionally lucid moment occurs in the Preface, where the author candidly admits, \\"I don't work off research\\" (page ix). Gee, lucid people figured that out already on page one.<br />The real Ulysses Grant is a truly great story: he was a military genius but he was also a man of rare moral fiber, courage, decency and gentleness. The real story of Grant is something so much greater than this tripe that comparisons are futile. If you admire Grant, do yourself the ultimate favor and avoid this nauseating character assassination.in the nude,  and Grant's man servant was never a soldier at Cold Harbor. Perhaps a little birdie should have whispered in Guare's ear that black soldiers hadn't been integrated into the Army of the Potomac in 1864, but why bother with accuracy?<br />An unintentionally lucid moment occurs in the Preface, where the author candidly admits, \\"I don't work off research\\" (page ix). Gee, lucid people figured that out already on page one.<br />The real Ulysses Grant is a truly great story: he was a military genius but he was also a man of rare moral fiber, courage, decency and gentleness. The real story of Grant is something so much greater than this tripe that comparisons are futile. If you admire Grant, do yourself the ultimate favor and avoid this nauseating character assassination.
Manchester began this examination of the flamboyant MacArthur with the intent to write a critical biography. Yet he became so enamored with his subject that the book turned into an extremely pro-MacArthur book, nearly devoid of criticism. Yet his gifts as a writer/researcher are so pronounced that the reader overlooks this problem. Manchester is in the same league with the brilliant David McCullough, and both historians are able to hold a reader's interest through 800 pages.<br /><br /> Manchester's infatuation with MacArthur is evident is his unwillingness to criticize Mac for any military decision. Why is no blame attached to MacArthur leaving his planes on the Manila airstrip in December, 1941? What about his gross insubordination towards his Commander in Chief, Harry Truman, throughout the Korean War? Though Manchester examines these issues in depth, he fails to throw much blame on MacArthur, who remains resplendent, fascinating and brilliant throughout.<br /><br /> A particular strength of the book is the examinations of the private relationships in MacArthur's life. Manchester explains in depth Mac's two marriages, the suffocating love he displayed towards son Arthur, and his competitive relationship with Ike, &quot;the best clerk I ever had.&quot;<br /><br /> This is the standard MacArthur biography and by a wide margin the most readable. Opt for this over the more recent MacArthur biography by Geoffrey Perret, which is almost comically awful. This book is highly recommended.
This is a well-written and entertaining acocunt of the relationship between Mark Twain and General Ulysses Grant. For people who know little about the subject, this might be an intriguing and interesting read. However, if you've studied this subject it will offer nothing new and quite possibly irritate you to the point of distraction.<br />Twain and Grant's friendship has always intrigued people who are interested in these two icons. They possessed very different backgrounds and personalities, but their relationship caught fire in the last year of Grant's life, and remains an intriguing subject. It's interesting that an irreverent genius like Twain got along so well with the self-contained and shy Grant. The alliance between the extroverted author and the modest General defies logic, but miraculously, it worked. Grant relied on Twain to publish his memoirs in 1885, allowing him to keep a large percentage of the profits, and Twain enjoyed a personal intimacy with the Civil War's biggest draw. The author attempts to reveal the relationship between the two men but his efforts are wide of the mark. Actually Twain and Grant's friendship was substantial and surprisingly human, but the book fails in conveying this feeling to the reader.<br />Perry attempts to sort out the lives of USG and Clemens; he succeeds on some levels, but struggles in others. Twain's rapier-like wit and restless excitability are present, but not in sufficient quantity. Twain also takes a back seat to Grant, who dominates most of the book which actually amounts to a description of the General's last year. Previous authors have done a much better job with this subject, notably Horace Green, Tom Pitkin and Richard Goldhurst. Undoubtedly the human story of Grant writing his book ranks with some of the great American stories, but it's all conveyed here in a seemingly pedestrian fashion, there's no urgency or much depth displayed.<br />Perry doesn't succeed in fleshing out the personalities of the men themselves. As any student of them knows, they were totally unlike in temperament, background and personality. Whereas Twain was an exuberant extrovert, Grant was taciturn, self-contained and a man of few words. The fact they were opposites is an intriguing area for study, but the case just isn't made here.<br />Their early lives are given rather flat treatments, and there's  nothing new. The book improves as Twain becomes better friends with USG during the last five years of the General's life. The heart of the story is Grant's heroic race with death in order to complete his book and Twain's role as his publisher.<br />A big problem is that Perry gives opinions which are not only inaccurate, but they're annoying. Repeatedly he offers views which simply aren't supported by scholarship or eyewitness reports. Another area that needs improvement is the realm of personal relationships. Both men were intensely affectionate, devoted fathers who adored their children. You'll find little of this in the book. The author is especially weak in revealing much about Twain's wife, Livy, who remains an almost non-existent presence.<br />The author improves with his portrait of Julia Grant, the General's wife, and correctly emphasizes Grant's emotional dependence upon her and their extremely happy marriage. However, he commits a huge mistake when he describes Julia's treatment of her husband as he lay dying as alternating between &quot;a hovering and suffocating concern and distant emotional rejection&quot; None of the many eyewitnesses during the USG's last months ever described his wife as distant or rejecting. Again, the offering of personal opinions creates minefields throughout the pages.<br />The errors in the book are numerous. Julia Grant did not die in 1904, Georgetown is not in Kentucky. Grant and  Vanderbilt never appeared in court together, Grant's wife never read aloud to her husband because she suffered from a slightly crossed eye. Men who were enemies of Grant are described as &quot;close friends.&quot; These are a small fraction of the mistakes whose weight becomes oppressive. A decent editor and better research could have prevented most of these blunders.<br />Ultimately this is a book of missed opportunities and the credibility of the narrative is compromised by its many errors. Though it's well-written, there's absolutely nothing ground-breaking or new. I wanted so much to enjoy the book but I did not. Though I would recommend it to people who are new to the subject, for anyone with a solid background in either man, it's all old hat.ibed as &quot;close friends.&quot; These are a small fraction of the mistakes whose weight becomes oppressive. A decent editor and better research could have prevented most of these blunders.<br />Ultimately this is a book of missed opportunities and the credibility of the narrative is compromised by its many errors. Though it's well-written, there's absolutely nothing ground-breaking or new. I wanted so much to enjoy the book but I did not. Though I would recommend it to people who are new to the subject, for anyone with a solid background in either man, it's all old hat.
There have been some terrible books written about General Grant. I have several hundred of these turkey's in my personal library. But after reading this abysmal tripe, I have to award this tome the dubious award of \\"all-time worst Grant book.\\" This bizarre honor has serious competition, but there is no doubt Victoria Sauers takes the cake as the worst \\"writer\\" (in heavy quotations) to ever tackle this subject.<br /><br /> Where to begin? Sauers apparently has no clue who Grant was, or what his personality was truly like. The real Grant was a remarkably decent, loving husband: monogamous, faithful, devoted and affectionate. He was an equally loving father to his four children. There is no one who ever accused him of cheating or having one-night stands. Does Sauers care about the real Grant? Hell no! She makes up a fictional Grant that is one of the most disgusting characters ever devised, a character bearing no resemblance to the real man at all. What gives with this author?<br /><br /> Sauers concocts a bisexual Grant who rapes his boy servant and who goes on to bed various officers wives. It was difficult to actually finish this vile piece of trash, but I forced myself to due to curiosity to see just how bad it could get. The verdict: extremely bad.<br /><br /> I was also sick and tired of the religious quality of the book and the fundamentalist Christian ideology espoused in the book. Grant didn't care about religion, but Miss Sauers is obsessed with God, the 10 Commandments and anything else of a religious bent.<br /><br /> A previous reviewer mentions that Sauers portrays Grant as \\"sex addicted,\\" and this is too true in this hideously warped narrative. In all probability, Grant *was* sex addicted, but he restricted his amorous attentions to Julia, his wife. Had Sauers written a novel about Grant's real private life and had she bothered to get the facts straight, then this novel would have probably been a delightful read. As it is, this one belongs in the bottom of the nearest ash can. This is truly an abysmal book, character assassination at its most disgraceful. If General Grant were alive today and was confronted with this book, I would pray an ambulance would be nearby. He would need it because a quick perusal would have caused the dear man a cardiac arrest.of the nearest ash can. This is truly an abysmal book, character assassination at its most disgraceful. If General Grant were alive today and was confronted with this book, I would pray an ambulance would be nearby. He would need it because a quick perusal would have caused the dear man a cardiac arrest.
I'm not much of a fan of historical fiction, but for some strange reason, Ulysses Grant has become the poster boy of this genre in the past decade. Robert Skimin's novel is quite a good fictional treatment of Grant, though there are some serious weaknesses. The most glaring problem is that he has limited ability to write believable dialogue, and this is a dialogue-heavy book. There seems to have been no attempt to take the reader back to the 19th century and most of the words sound like they came out the mouths of the Brady Bunch. When Ulysses Grant starts sounding like Sam the butcher (Alice the Brady maid's boyfriend,) it's time to put it to bed.<br />It's almost certain that in the aftermath of \\"zestful and wild lovemaking\\" (Skimin's description), Grant's wife did not say, \\"Ulys, do you think me and the kids could hang around awhile?\\" Ah hem... you get my drift about the dialogue sounding corny and overly modern. This is a serious weakness. Another oddity is that Skimin places way too much emphasis on Grant's drinking. The author himself has had an alcohol problem in the past (as he freely admits), as well as a bout with throat cancer, another similarity he shares with his subject. Did Grant drink too much on occasion? Certainly, but the focus on the booze here gets a little much. It's also described in detail which becomes physically nauseating.<br />The book gets worse as it goes along. The best portions are Grant's courtship and the early years of his marriage. The Civil War sections are average, and the conclusion is nothing special. Inexplicably, Skimin has Grant going on a bender in 1884, something that I guarantee you did not happen. But, alas, this is fiction.<br />There are several very good descriptions of Grant with his wife; the author really understands this intense relationship. I especially like the scene from 1849 where Julia announced to her husband that she is pregnant. This is the most believable scene in the entire book! I'd love to give a better review of the book, because I like Skimin and some elements of his style, but the dialogue sinks this one. Still, if you're into Grant, you'd enjoy reading it.ter review of the book, because I like Skimin and some elements of his style, but the dialogue sinks this one. Still, if you're into Grant, you'd enjoy reading it.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was a highly intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only \\"criticism\\" the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, \\"cut to the chase.\\"<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
If you're the type of person that enjoys viewing American icons clad in their underwear, then this is your baby. General Grant is shown basically unclad and then the nimble-fingered among you can dress him in uniform, black suit or even tails. Fred Astaire would be so jealous!<br />Grant's family is also shown, as well as his much-hated son-in-law, Algie, his crabby father-in-law, Colonel Dent, and his mismatched parents, with whom Grant had strained, weird relationship. All of the dolls strongly resemble the actual people and this is a marked strength in the booklet. The clothes are also accurate and appealing. The front and back covers of the book contain a fairly accurate representation of Grant's life, with the fanciful inclusion that Gen. and Mrs. Grant actually had five children, one of whom was lost in infancy. This \\"lost child\\" has no pedigree and no mention is made of this mysterious babe in any of the existing Grant literature.<br />If you're a fan of Grant or a fan of paper dolls in general, this is a fine (and fun) book.
This is a gem of a book for anyone with an interest in Richard Burton, Elizabeth Taylor or American theatre in the 60's. Burton played Hamlet in Canada and at the Lunt-Fontaine theatre in NYC in 1964. It was like Beatlemania with Liz and Richard walking to their waiting limo after each performance. Those were the days of Liz and Dick hysteria! This film was thought to be lost, but was thankfully unearthed in a loft at Burton's Celigny, Switzerland home. It's impossible to give this book 5 stars only because author Sterne focuses a trifle too much on Gielgud and Hume Cronyn. But when he turns his attention to Burton and Taylor, watch out! There is some wonderfully revealing anecdotes about them both, still in the honeymoon stage of their marriage.<br />The material on Burton is fabulous. He brought an earthy, reckless, sexy quality to the brooding Hamlet and he was phenomenal in the role. He absolutely owned the stage with this performance, completely eclipsing the supporting cast, with the exception of Hume Cronyn. The modern-day street clothes were not a distraction and Burton looked magnificent in his dark blue turtleneck sweater. Sterne focuses several chapters on the Welsh genius and includes some stories I've never seen anywhere else.<br />Despite the uneven writing quality, this is still worth owning if you are a fan of Burton or Shakespeare. This is the most masculine and dynamic performance of Hamlet of the past 40 years and this book explains how the performance evolved and was realized on the stage.
I've admired Fitzgerald all my life and regard his work as singularly underrated as time goes on. He was a brilliant and witty writer who could turn a phrase as well as any American author of the 20th century. This biography is the best I've ever read on Fitzgerald. It's particularly strong in the depiction of his gaudy, booze-soaked life with Zelda, especially when they were ex-pats living in France. Bruccoli really draws the reader in with deft descriptions of their marital rows, woes, break-ups and innumerable reconcilations. I was happy to see that their daughter, Scottie, was also illuminated so brilliantly.<br />The material on Sheila Graham, Scott's lover in Hollywood, was also intriguing. Graham's own book about Scott is a great read, but the author brings out elements to the story which Graham omitted. I was genuinely sad when Scott dies and the narrative concludes. The debauchery, booze and high times of the Flapper era are all here. This is a highly recommended, beautifully tribute to one of the great writers of the past 100 years.
Bonekemper follows in the shoes of JFC Fuller and T. Harry Williams who long ago argued that Ulysses Grant was the preeminent soldier of the Civil War. For nearly 100 years, the rise of the Lost Cause mentality has obscured Grant's true brilliance as a general and his great rival, Lee, has been elevated to near demi-God status. Bonekemper dispenses with such nonsense and shows, point by point, how Grant won the Civil War. He did so because he was a military genius and possessed rare gifts of stubbornness, intelligence, daring, patience and sheer nerve. The fans of Robert E. Lee will be reaching for their smelling salts when they pick up this tome!<br />The book is not heavy on statistics or details and those who dislike plodding military narratives will still find something to like here. Bonekemper's &quot;Appendix I&quot; is especially interesting, particularly for those who are familiar with Grant literature from the past. It's interesting to read his opinions on some of the recent spate of Grant biographers. Equally impressive is Bonekemper's list of Grant's &quot;Attributes&quot; which he lists in descending order. Among these are modesty, the dis-inclination to constantly demand reinforcements (which is what contributed to McClellan's downfall), and a stubborn tenacity. Bonekemper brilliantly refutes the tired old adage that Grant was a butcher who was injudicious with the lives of his men. Borrowing stats from McWhiney and Fuller, he clearly demonstrates that General Lee lost far more men in proportion than did Grant.<br />My only criticism is that Bonekemper inexplicably describes Grant as &quot;an alcoholic.&quot; He should have known better, because it's simply untrue. Grant drank and imbibed too much early in his army career, almost always when separated from his much-adored wife. He also got drunk on occasion in the ACW, but it didn't interfere with his service career and was borne out of a need to be with Julia. No serious historian of the past 50 years has described Grant as an alcoholic and it's disappointing that Bonekemper follows suit. This is an odd inclusion, particularly when he states that &quot;alcoholism made him a better general.&quot; This is a theory borrowed from McPherson and should have been omitted.<br />Aside from this small lapse, the remainder of the book is a grand exercise in proving what Grant students have long known: this man was one awesome soldier! Kudos to Bonekemper from proving this point so thoroughly.has described Grant as an alcoholic and it's disappointing that Bonekemper follows suit. This is an odd inclusion, particularly when he states that &quot;alcoholism made him a better general.&quot; This is a theory borrowed from McPherson and should have been omitted.<br />Aside from this small lapse, the remainder of the book is a grand exercise in proving what Grant students have long known: this man was one awesome soldier! Kudos to Bonekemper from proving this point so thoroughly.
If you're interested in Adolf Hitler's life in Obersalzberg, dating from 1923, then this is an interesting, though short, book about this topic. Hitler first visited the Obersalzberg in 1923, and returned there after his release from Landsberg prison in 1925. He rented a place and then finally purchased Haus Wachenfeld, which in 1936 he converted into the opulent Berghof. This book details Hitler's life in the mountains, and correctly points out that he never lived in Berchtesgaden (usually associated with him), and in fact, scarcely ever set foot in the town after 1933.<br />There is interesting ancillary material about Albert Speer's atelier on the mountain, as well as the Bormann house, the Haus Platterhof and other Nazi-era buildings. Though this is a highly specialized book, it's well-written and nicely presented.
There are a few books with better rare Lennon photos, but ths is still an excellent effort and a worthy purchase for die hard Beatles fans. So many Beatles-related books trot out the same photos, again and again. You all know the ones I'm talking about. But this book is decidedly and refreshingly different. I have many Lennon biographies in my library and this book contains many previously unpublished photos of John, especially ones from his childhood and in the period 1975-1980. The paper quality in the book is exceptional and is thick, glossy material which results in a stunning display of black and white vibrancy. The text is incidental but adds flavor and gives you the year each photo was taken.<br />The photos of the Beatles are a little weaker, and contain many previously known shots. But the individual pictures of John are outstanding. Consider the beautiful profile view on the cover of the book, taken in 1967. This is just a sampling of what this treasure trove has to offer. There are many other such nuggets within the covers. Any serious fan of John Lennon will adore this book and get many hours of pleasure perusing these photos of a great cultural and musical icon. John himself would scoff at such a description, but it's oh so true.
So many Beatles-related books trot out the same photos, again and again. You all know the ones I'm talking about. But this book is decidedly and refreshingly different. I have many Lennon biographies in my library and this book contains many previously unpublished photos of John, especially ones from his childhood and in the period 1975-1980. The paper quality in the book is exceptional and is thick, glossy material which results in a stunning display of black and white vibrancy. The text is incidental but adds flavor and gives you the year each photo was taken.<br />The photos of the Beatles are a little weaker, and contain many previously known shots. But the individual pictures of John are outstanding. Consider the beautiful profile view on the cover of the book, taken in 1967. This is just a sampling of what this treasure trove has to offer. There are many other such nuggets within the covers. Any serious fan of John Lennon will adore this book and get many hours of pleasure perusing these photos of a great cultural and musical icon. John himself would scoff at such a description, but it's oh so true.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I've done the entire 180 miles of the trails described here, and this is an absolutely essential book if you're planning this backpack adventure. The scenery is as gorgeous as anything on the John Muir Trail and there are less crowds and more sublime solitude. Winnet takes you through the journey step by step and provides you with necessary info: where is the nearest water source? Is the source dependable even in drought years? Is the area known for active and intrusive bears into your campsites to raid your food supply? How are the mosquitoes on this lef of the trip, and so on.<br />I encourage all serious California hikers to undertake this magnificent journey and to read this book before attempting the trek. It's well written, informative, includes fine maps and many useful tips. Highly recommended.
Readers expecting a plethora of new information on Hitler will be sorely disappointed. Von Below is a pedantic, careful and very dry reteller of history and his memoirs seem contrived in points and highly self-serving. Many reviews point out that von Below never heard Hitler mention the Jews or the death camps, but this is quite believable. Hitler compartmentalized all personal relationships and why would he mention these any atrocities to his Luftwaffe adjutant?<br />Von Below doesn't really tell us anything new about Hitler, and his personal anecdotes are tragically few. He comes up with some pithy observations on Goering and Goebbels, but it's frustrating that he doesn't elaborate more on Hitler, his entourage, or the inner workings at the Berghof, the Chancellory or in various wartime HQ's.<br />The book's main flaw is that it ends almost mid-word and mid-sentence. There is no explanation of what happened to von Below after the war, he simply stops the narrative and packs up shop. Very curious indeed. Another weakness is that von Below was never close to Hitler, nor part of his intimate personal entourage. His transactions with Hitler were generally of a military, not personal, nature, but don't expect many fireworks in this dry tome.
This is a small paperback book published in 1977 to coincide with the release of Joachim Fest's film, 'Hitler Eine Karriere' (Hitler, a Career). The film was a huge blockbuster upon its release and the book was a bestseller as well. If you enjoy the movie, then the book is a natural progression, as it shows still photos taken from the motion picture itself. There is limited text, but a number of rare views of Hitler, uncommon even today.<br />Amazingly, this film remains the best documentary ever made on Hitler and that is a sorry indictment, considering the fact 27 years have elapsed since its release. The book is highly recommended, even if you don't read German. Since it consists mostly of photos, you'll be fine.
These books have become something of collectors items, though their appeal is highly limited. The title is also misleading, because there is only one album here, one wonders they claim there are &quot;albums,&quot; where the plural form is incorrect. In any event, the book consists of photos of Mussolini's 1938 to Berlin to visit Hitler. There are approximately 110 different pictures here, most of them not especially interesting or rare. They were all taken by Hitler's personal photographer, Heinrich Hoffman and are of high quality, but not especially appealing pictures in any sense of the word. Many show Mussolini gesticulating at the podium while the Fuehrer glowers and looks menazing in the rear.<br />If you are a collector of Hitler books or photographs, the book would be a welcome addition, if not, I'd pass this up.
In the 1970's, at the height of the Hitler boom, Glenn Infield had a cottage industry. He produced numerous books on Hitler and Eva Braun, made a ton of money and then thankfully, disappeared from the face of the earth. I say &quot;thankfully&quot; because Infield never was bothered to get his facts straight. He was (in)famous for making up interviews with long-lost Hitler associates, and even inventing people if it suited him. He even claimed to have interviewed Unity Mitford in 1976; the only problem was that she had been dead for 35 years. Oh well, Infield never was one to allow the facts to get in the way of telling a juicy story.<br />So the text is inaccurate, shoddy and unintentionally funny. He claims Hitler necked on the sofa with a British woman at Bayreuth in 1935, never mind that the woman herself later admitted she'd never even met the Fuehrer or Glenn Infield, for that matter, who claimed to have interviewed her. I could go on and on, but let's just say the book is mostly fiction. The photographs, however, are exceptional. There are actually some rare gems in here, though, as usual, Infiel misidentifies dozens of them. There are at least twenty photos of Gretl Braun (Eva's sister), that are identified as Eva. Infield even has a photo of Max Amann that he says is Heinrich Himmler. Sigh.<br />To sum up, if you want some unusual and rare photos of Hitler and Eva, there are in the book. Forget the accuracy of the words, however.
In the 1970's, at the height of the Hitler boom, Glenn Infield had a cottage industry. He produced numerous books on Hitler and Eva Braun, made a ton of money and then thankfully, disappeared from the face of the earth. I say &quot;thankfully&quot; because Infield never was bothered to get his facts straight. He was (in)famous for making up interviews with long-lost Hitler associates, and even inventing people if it suited him. He even claimed to have interviewed Unity Mitford in 1976; the only problem was that she had been dead for 35 years. Oh well, Infield never was one to allow the facts to get in the way of telling a juicy story.<br />So the text is inaccurate, shoddy and unintentionally funny. He claims Hitler necked on the sofa with a British woman at Bayreuth in 1935, never mind that the woman herself later admitted she'd never even met the Fuehrer or Glenn Infield, for that matter, who claimed to have interviewed her. I could go on and on, but let's just say the book is mostly fiction. The photographs, however, are exceptional. There are actually some rare gems in here, though, as usual, Infiel misidentifies dozens of them. There are at least twenty photos of Gretl Braun (Eva's sister), that are identified as Eva. Infield even has a photo of Max Amann that he says is Heinrich Himmler. Sigh.<br />To sum up, if you want some unusual and rare photos of Hitler and Eva, there are in the book. Forget the accuracy of the words, however.
Henny Hoffman von Schirach knew Hitler intimately for all of her life. Her father was Hitler's personal photographer and she first met the Fuehrer as a small girl. As she grew and matured, Hitler became infatuated with her and when she was 17, he asked her to kiss him. She refused and he stood there, embarrassed and, for oncem speechless. Henny knew Geli Raubal, Hitler's half niece and mistress, very well and she writes about her with perception and wit. She also was close friends with Eva Braun and includes several stories not found in any other book.<br />This is primary source material at its apex. The book has never been translated into English and it's a shame. For all of you who read German and have an interest in the early days of the Nazi party, this is an essential read.
I had the opportunity of corresponding and meeting John Toland when I was a teenager and he was a remarkable man and a great writer. This is by far the best and most readable biography ever written on Hitler. Toland eschews, thankfully, the ridiculous psycho-babble which ruins many other major Hitler biographies.<br />Toland interviewed over 300 people close to Hitler: Tradul Junge, his secretary, Max Wunsche and Richard Schultze, his adjutants, Eva Braun's best friend and many others. He went to the source and his oral interviews constitute a tremendous historical resource.<br />Toland shows that Hitler was sexually normal, which is important since Hitler's supposed &quot;deviant sexuality&quot; is the lynchpin of many inferior books.<br />If you are to read one book about Adolf Hitler, make it this one. Nothing better has come down the pike in the 25 years since this books publication. For anyone interested in the history of the 20th century and World War II, this is a must read.
Heinrich Heim was a young German officer who knew stenography and took down Hitler's Table Talk for a period of four years during World War II. This book was first published in 1951 and has enjoyed many reprints in the intervening years. This edition has some revealing footnotes which leads the reader to other sources.<br />Though Hitler is invariably portrayed as a raving madman in American &quot;docudramas,&quot; he could also be a thoroughly charming and intensely charismatic private companion in his off hours. A man capable of seducing 65 million Germans and of his monumental crimes, had to possess an elemental force both inexplicable and fascinating. This book provides some clues to Hitler's personality, though in fairness, his mesmerizing mystique had been dulled by drugs and megalomania by 1941. He was surrounded by sycophants, but there were some perceptive and intelligent people in his milieu, most notably Joseph Goebbels. Hitler's secretaries were also articulate and intelligent ladies. However, his chauffeurs and other aides, such as Linge and Schaub, were hardly junior Einstein's.<br />Hitler's monologues are faithfully presented here and he emerges as a genius in certain areas (his knowledge of architecture and art was encyclopedic), and as a sexist boor in other realms. His believed himself to be omniscient and believed further that he was a messiah selected by Providence to save the German nation. Anyone harboring such delusions is bound to sound arrogant and insufferable on occasion.<br />This is a must have book for anyone interested in Hitler, his entourage, or his paralyzing effect upon other people. It's chilling that Hitler casually discussed trivialities while Europe was being torn asunder because of one man's twsited ideology.
The original 1935 edition of this book is something of a collectors piece. This is a reprinted edition. In the 1930's, it was fashionable tp purchase small photos of Hitler attached to cigarette packages in Germany. You would then paste the photos sequentially into an album that included glowing textual references to Hitler and the Third Reich. I own the original version of this 1936 book and this new offering is considerably less powerful than the German version. Still, this is an effective way for people of our era to understand and grasp the enormous importance of propaganda in the Third Reich.<br />Goebbels and Hitler were masterminds of this art and the book personifies their mastery of mass persuasion. In the photographs, Hitler is presented as a &quot;normal guy&quot; in civilian clothes, surrounded by adoring children at his retreat on the Obersalzberg. He is also presented as the omniscienet Fuehrer, presiding over mass rallies in Nuremberg, mesmerizing the audience. The photographs, all by Hitler's official photographer, Heinrich Hoffman, are excellent representations of a nation gone collectively mad, seduced by Hitler's paralyzing charisma.<br />This an essential book for anyone with an interest in how Hitler effectively and brutally utilized propaganda in the 30's.
Christa Schroeder worked for Hitler from 1932 until his death. She was not as close to him as Dara or even Traudl Junge, and her big mouth got her into some trouble sometimes with Hitler. But she knew enough to produce an extremely interested, penetrating look at the inner Hitler. It's too bad that Christa gets so much wrong about Hitler's private life. For some laughably inexplicable reason, she contends Hitler never had sex after 1919 and never even consummated his relationship with long-time mistress Eva Braun. Forgive me while I laugh for the next three days. Why she has this blind spot is unknowable, especially since she wrote differently in the Zoeller 1948 book.<br />Aside from that, the book is riveting. Schroeder dishes dirt on all the major players in Hitler's entourage, with scathing indictments about Goebbels and Himmler, and some praise for Goering and vo Ribbentrop. If you're seriously interested in Hitler, this is required reading.
Photo books on Hitler are a decidedly mixed bag. Either you get a true winner with rare shots, or you get a limping dog entry with the same old photos you've seen five million times. This book is on the high end of that scale. It will help if you read German with this book, but it's not necessary. The bulk of the book consists of photos of Hitler and photocopies of signatures and places related to the Fuehrer. If you're familiar with the thousands of photod from Heinrich Hoffman, then you won't find much new material here, but for a beginner, this is not a bad choice. The German photo books on Hitler are usually superior to the British and American efforts, since they rely on a different photo source than their English-speaking counterparts.<br />This book is especially strong on Hitler's early years, especially the WWI period, 1914-1918. Recommended for those interested in Hitler's career.
I had the opportunity of corresponding and meeting John Toland when I was a teenager and he was a remarkable man and a great writer. This is by far the best and most readable biography ever written on Hitler. Toland eschews, thankfully, the ridiculous psycho-babble which ruins many other major Hitler biographies.<br />Toland interviewed over 300 people close to Hitler: Tradul Junge, his secretary, Max Wunsche and Richard Schultze, his adjutants, Eva Braun's best friend and many others. He went to the source and his oral interviews constitute a tremendous historical resource.<br />Toland shows that Hitler was sexually normal, which is important since Hitler's supposed &quot;deviant sexuality&quot; is the lynchpin of many inferior books.<br />If you are to read one book about Adolf Hitler, make it this one. Nothing better has come down the pike in the 25 years since this books publication. For anyone interested in the history of the 20th century and World War II, this is a must read.
Erich Kempka was Hitler' chauffeur from 1936 until his death. He was never as close to Hitler as were his two previous chauffeurs, Maurice and Schreck, but he still knew the Fuehrer quite well. Unfortunately, this book has very little about Hitler's early days in it. The bulk of the narrative consists of his last days in the Berlin Bunker. The book was also entirely ghostwritten and contains errors both large and small. Kempka claims he carried up Eva Braun's body to burn it, but shortly before his death, he admitted he had not done this at all. Also absent is that Kempka hid from the Russians in Berlin in a brothel for several weeks and escaped their detection.<br />So don't expect true history, but the book is still fascinating nonetheless. Kempka was an eyewitness to the scenes in the bunker and the book contains some interesting and new information on those last months in Berlin.
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler.<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
It's always amazed me that this biography has never gotten greater ink in the United States. Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography ever written about Hitler.<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
The title claims this is &quot;Secret Diary of Hitler's personal physician, Dr. Morell.&quot; However, it's actually just David Irving's book which he published in the late 1970's. The book has definite merit and remains an essential read for anyone with an interest in Hitler's health and addiction to uppers and downers. The book is almost eerily intimate, with some rather gross personal details about Hitler which will make you either want to laugh or turn away, red-faced.<br />The book focuses primarily on the years 1941-44, when Hitler's health deteriorates through a lack of exercise, fresh air and a complete dependence upon Morell's hypodermic needle. Fascinating stuff for the student of Hitler.
Christa Schroeder worked for Hitler from 1932 until his death. She was not as close to him as Dara or even Traudl Junge, and her big mouth got her into some trouble sometimes with Hitler. But she knew enough to produce an extremely interested, penetrating look at the inner Hitler. It's too bad that Christa gets so much wrong about Hitler's private life. For some laughably inexplicable reason, she contends Hitler never had sex after 1919 and never even consummated his relationship with long-time mistress Eva Braun. Forgive me while I laugh for the next three days. Why she has this blind spot is unknowable, especially since she wrote differently in the Zoeller 1948 book.<br />Aside from that, the book is riveting. Schroeder dishes dirt on all the major players in Hitler's entourage, with scathing indictments about Goebbels and Himmler, and some praise for Goering and vo Ribbentrop. If you're seriously interested in Hitler, this is required reading.
Photo books on Hitler are a decidedly mixed bag. Either you get a true winner with rare shots, or you get a limping dog entry with the same old photos you've seen five million times. This book is on the high end of that scale. It will help if you read German with this book, but it's not necessary. The bulk of the book consists of photos of Hitler and photocopies of signatures and places related to the Fuehrer. If you're familiar with the thousands of photod from Heinrich Hoffman, then you won't find much new material here, but for a beginner, this is not a bad choice. The German photo books on Hitler are usually superior to the British and American efforts, since they rely on a different photo source than their English-speaking counterparts.<br />This book is especially strong on Hitler's early years, especially the WWI period, 1914-1918. Recommended for those interested in Hitler's career.
Henry Picker was a young German officer who knew stenography and took down Hitler's Table Talk for a period of four years during World War II. This book was first published in 1951 and has enjoyed many reprints in the intervening years. This edition is expertly translated and has some revealing footnotes which leads the reader to other sources.<br />Though Hitler is invariably portrayed as a raving madman in American &quot;docudramas,&quot; he could also be a thoroughly charming and intensely charismatic private companion in his off hours. A man capable of seducing 65 million Germans and of his monumental crimes, had to possess an elemental force both inexplicable and fascinating. This book provides some clues to Hitler's personality, though in fairness, his mesmerizing mystique had been dulled by drugs and megalomania by 1941. He was surrounded by sycophants, but there were some perceptive and intelligent people in his milieu, most notably Joseph Goebbels. Hitler's secretaries were also articulate and intelligent ladies. However, his chauffeurs and other aides, such as Linge and Schaub, were hardly junior Einstein's.<br />Hitler's monologues are faithfully presented here and he emerges as a genius in certain areas (his knowledge of architecture and art was encyclopedic), and as a sexist boor in other realms. His believed himself to be omniscient and believed further that he was a messiah selected by Providence to save the German nation. Anyone harboring such delusions is bound to sound arrogant and insufferable on occasion.<br />This is a must have book for anyone interested in Hitler, his entourage, or his paralyzing effect upon other people. It's chilling that Hitler casually discussed trivialities while Europe was being torn asunder because of one man's twsited ideology.
I expected this book to be a collection of reproduced newspapers and magazine clippings relating to Hitler from 1923 until he invaded Poland. One would expect this would be the content, considering the title of the book. Well, forget it. It's merely one long, dreary essay on how Hitler was treated in magazines, with some scanty examples thrown in here and there. Zalampas is hardly a Hitler scholar and omits many salient articles on Hitler's early career, especially ones from the &quot;Literary Digest,&quot; the first American magazine to feature Hitler, as early as 1921. I don't really know the point of this exercise, it's not interesting, enlightening, or remotely intriguing.
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler. Though this concentrates solely on Hitler's last days, it is lifted directly from Maser's masterful Hitler biography.<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
This is by far the best work every on Hitler's secruity and the various assassination plots against him. It's especially strong in the early, seminal years of the Nazi party and there are some extremely rare photographs of Hitler in Munich in the mid to late 20's. Hoffman's research is extensive and he unearths material not found in other books. He relies on primary sources for many of his arguments and these interviews enhance an already strong book. If you have an interest in Hitler's incredible knack in evading assassinations, this is the preeminent book on that subject.
This is a &quot;must have&quot; guidebook if you enjoy hiking in Colorado. Each hike is described in some detail with a ranking of how strenuous each trek is considered. The text is concise and to the point, but gives an adequate feel of each hike. There is at least two pages devoted to each journey and the hike descriptions are to the point. Many such descriptions were the sole reason I decided to hike some of these mountains and I was never disappointed.<br />The quality of the book is also to be commended. The paperback binding holds up after major 1,000+ mile car journeys I've made with the book thrown in the back seat. If you buy one guidebook about hiking in Colorado, make it this one. I highly recommend it for the description of each trail and just the overall feel of the book.
The San Juan Skyway is one of the most spectacular drives in the United States, bar none. For years I've been waiting for a comprehensive coffee table book which shows the grandeur of this place. Finally Scott Warren has come to the rescue. The photos are absolutely breathtaking and give you a sense what it's like both to drive the road, and to see it from different perspectives you can't get from a car. If any of you are anywhere near Durango, Colorado, just frives towards Silverton and then on to Ouray, and you'll experience some of the most jaw-dropping scenery left in America. Whether you're an armchair traveler, or the real deal, this book will enchant you.
It will help if you read German with this book, but it's not necessary. The bulk of the book consists of photos of Hitler and photocopies of signatures and places related to the Fuehrer. If you're familiar with the thousands of photod from Heinrich Hoffman, then you won't find much new material here, but for a beginner, this is not a bad choice. The German photo books on Hitler are usually superior to the British and American efforts, since they rely on a different photo source than their English-speaking counterparts.<br />This book is especially strong on Hitler's early years, especially the WWI period, 1914-1918. Recommended for those interested in Hitler's career.
Northern Arizona  has among the best scenery in the world, even if one excludes the magnificent Grand Canyon. The San Francisco peaks and the areas around Flagstaff offer some fabulous hikes. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Grand Canyon, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! This is a well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. even without many accompanying photos. Every hike also has a little descriptive map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the author takes the time to describe each hike in detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. I have not gotten lost yet, though I believe the mileages for some hikes are wrong by as much as half a mile. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 70 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete guide to this region. I enthusiastically recommend it!
If you're looking for a book which focuses on Hitler's private life, forget it, you'll have to look elsewhere. The book is decidedly weak in explaining Hitler as a human being. However, there is strength in the military aspects of the book. Hitler's rational for attacking the Soviet Union and his inexplicable (and stupid! decision to declare on the USA on Dec. 11, 1941, are explored in some detail. Remember, this is a very basic work, intended for beginners or people who have a limited grasp og WWII. If you're a serious scholar of the era, this will not be your cup of tea. But if you're just starting to read about World War II and Hitler, this is not a bad start.
Hitler attached to cigarette packages. You would then paste the photos sequentially into an album that included glowing textual references to Hitler and the Third Reich. I own the original version of this 1936 book and this new offering is considerably less powerful than the German version. Still, this is an effective way for people of our era to understand and grasp the enormous importance of propaganda in the Third Reich.<br />Goebbels and Hitler were masterminds of this art and the book personifies their mastery of mass persuasion. In the photographs, Hitler is presented as a &quot;normal guy&quot; in civilian clothes, surrounded by adoring children at his retreat on the Obersalzberg. He is also presented as the omniscienet Fuehrer, presiding over mass rallies in Nuremberg, mesmerizing the audience. The photographs, all by Hitler's official photographer, Heinrich Hoffman, are excellent representations of a nation gone collectively mad, seduced by Hitler's paralyzing charisma.<br />This an essential book for anyone with an interest in how Hitler effectively and brutally utilized propaganda in the 30's.
This is a &quot;must have&quot; guidebook if you enjoy hiking in Colorado. Each hike is described in some detail with a ranking of how strenuous each trek is considered. The text is concise and to the point, but gives an adequate feel of each hike. There is at least two pages devoted to each journey and the hike descriptions are to the point. Many such descriptions were the sole reason I decided to hike some of these mountains and I was never disappointed.<br />The quality of the book is also to be commended. The paperback binding holds up after major 1,000+ mile car journeys I've made with the book thrown in the back seat. If you buy one guidebook about hiking in Colorado, make it this one. I highly recommend it for the description of each trail and just the overall feel of the book.
The title claims this is &quot;Secret Diary of Hitler's personal physician, Dr. Morell.&quot; However, it's actually just David Irving's book which he published in English in the late 1970's. The book has definite merit and remains an essential read for anyone with an interest in Hitler's health and addiction to uppers and downers. The book is almost eerily intimate, with some rather gross personal details about Hitler which will make you either want to laugh or turn away, red-faced.<br />The book focuses primarily on the years 1941-44, when Hitler's health deteriorates through a lack of exercise, fresh air and a complete dependence upon Morell's hypodermic needle. Fascinating stuff for the student of Hitler.
Photo books on Hitler are a decidedly mixed bag. Either you get a true winner with rare shots, or you get a limping dog entry with the same old photos you've seen five million times. This book is on the high end of that scale. It will help if you read German with this book, but it's not necessary. The bulk of the book consists of photos of Hitler and photocopies of signatures and places related to the Fuehrer. If you're familiar with the thousands of photod from Heinrich Hoffman, then you won't find much new material here, but for a beginner, this is not a bad choice. The German photo books on Hitler are usually superior to the British and American efforts, since they rely on a different photo source than their English-speaking counterparts.<br />This book is especially strong on Hitler's early years, especially the WWI period, 1914-1918. Recommended for those interested in Hitler's career.
There are a number of hiking guides relating to Santa Barbara, but few that delve into the dack country away from the inner city. Finally, Gagnon has produced one of the best guides for those who want a strenuous outing than a mere city walk. It's small enough to carry in your back, but meaty enough to read in your Lazy Boy in front of the fire. I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
I only get to hike in the Trinity alps once a year, usuallyin August, and this is one of my favorite guides. Heck, I even read it in the dead of winter because it's so entertaining and well written. Bernstein has a keen sense of humor and an eye for the ridiculous and you'll find yourself laughing aloud at some of his more pithy commentary. There are a number of hiking guides relating to this region of California, but few that exceed this one in entertainment value alone. It's small enough to carry in your back, but meaty enough to read in your Lazy Boy in front of the fire.<br />I've traveled all over the world and one of the most beautiful natural settings I've seen is the Trinity alps. The mountains, the vegetation, flowers and mild summer climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience! If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed these mountains, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered in the first one-third of the book. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
There are a number of hiking guides relating to Santa Barbara and Raymond Ford has produced one of the best. It's small enough to carry in your back, but meaty enough to read in your Lazy Boy in front of the fire. I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
I'm an experienced hiker and still found the book useful and entertaining. I didn't learn anything new, but I will guarantee you that novice hikers would benefit immensely from this. What is basic common sense to seasoned hikers may not come naturally to those just lacing up their boots for the first time. The book focuses primarily on how to keep your feet in shape during long treks and addresses such things as proper socks, shoes and lcimbing techniques. I wish the author would have addressed cardiovascular fitness more; he does mention the extreme importance of aerobic exercise as preparation, but doesn't stress that facet enough. Anyone who hikes long miles needs to be mentally and physically fit before attempting the undertaking, Plotkin tends to gloss over this and move on to other things.<br />Essentially the book will have limited appeal to those who hike consistently throughout the year. But if you merely dabble in the sport, or have never hiked in your life, I would heartily recommend this book. It's well organzied, well written and will hold your interest.
There are a number of hiking guides relating to Santa Barbara and Raymond Ford has produced one of the best. It's small enough to carry in your back, but meaty enough to read in your Lazy Boy in front of the fire. I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
This is an excellent effort at examining the life of the mellifluous-voiced British actor, James Mason. The book is paced well and there is a fair amount of information on his early personal life, especially regarding his unusual first marriage to the ascerbic Pamela Mason. Diana De Rosso undoubtedly knew Mason very well, which was a difficult thing to do, considering he was a remote and rather shy man.<br />The highlights of the book are the chapters on first wife Pamela. Though Pamela Mason was a loud-mouthed and shrewish adulteress, she was also extremely witty and interesting in her own right. Anyone who recalls her appearences on L.A. TV shows from the 60's and 70's will still chuckle at her endless tirades, usually ending with the predictable sentence, &quot;James was so dull.&quot;<br />This book actually provides convincing evidence that James *was* rather boring. Mason comes off as depressed, rigid, indecisive and inordinately unhappy. at least until he meets Clarissa, his second wife. He makes many poor choices and instead of getting over them and getting on with his life, he broods about the negative consequences of his actions. For example, he moves to Hollywood and instantly detests California and American life, yet he inexplicably continues to live in the States for another 15 years.<br />It is never explained why James stayed with Pamela for so many years, even when he was miserable in her presence and unhappy living in America. When he finally does divorce her, he ends up shilling out millions in alimony and making a succession of wretched movies in order to pay off Pamela.<br />Ultimately, the real tragedy is that a man as intelligent, urbane and handsome as James Mason (not to mention his stupendous voice!) handled his career in such a haphazard way. He was a marvelous screen actor, but wasted his talent in many potboilers. This book doesn't really explain these poor choices and doesn't reveal enough about Mason's inner life, probably because he was so unknowable. The chapters on his waning years and death were excellent, however. Because I love James Mason, I'll give this five stars, my bias showing outrageously.s so unknowable. The chapters on his waning years and death were excellent, however. Because I love James Mason, I'll give this five stars, my bias showing outrageously.
Guido Knopp is quite famous in Germany as a pop biographer and filmmaker on Hitler. His many films on the Fuehrer have some merit, but his abilities as an author are limited, to say the least. This effort is not helped by a poor translation. I've read the book in its original German, and it loses quite a bit in the English version.<br />If you know little about Hitler and women, this might be an enjoyable book, though Knopp (weirdly) focuses mostly on women who had a platonic relationship with him. Eva Braun is the only women profiled who actually consumated her relationship with Hitler. Glaringly absent are a long line of Hitler's lovers: Geli Raubal, Jenny Haug, Suzi Liptauer, Mimi Reiter and others. His chapter on Bayreuth legend Winifred Wagner is the highlight of the book, though he inexplicably doesn't quote from her many, fascinating, interviews about Hitler.<br />The book is a decidedly mixed bag and for people with a serious background on the epoch, it's something of a waste of time.
Heston doesn't write especially well, so expect no fireworks among the pages. However, he has presented an accurate and clinical history of Hitler's health. The most interesting portions relate to Dr. Theo Morell, who became Hitler's personal physician in 1935. Morell was a hygenically-challenged mess whom all in the Hitler inner circle despised. Eva Braun said she would not allow &quot;that pig&quot; to get near her. Still, Morell exerted considerable influence over Hitler, who became physically dependent on the array of drugs Morell injected into him. By 1942, Hitler's physical decline was alarming, and Morell was dousing him with uppers to get up in the morning and downers to allow him sleep.<br />The &quot;raving lunatic&quot; side of Hitler, always depicted in motion pictures, is a myth. He was nothing like the movie Hitlers, as this book eloquently shows. He was, however, hopelessly addicted to amphetimines and barbituates for many years prior to his 1945 death. Though dry reading, it still will hold your interest.
If you're cruising along on the roadway of life and have only a scant hour or so to devote to Hitler, then this is the book to read! Even a slothful and plodding reader can rip through this book in under an hour.<br />There is nothing new or earth-shattering here and any marginal student of Hitler will know everything between the pages of this book already. The photographic selection is also weak, the maps non-existent. However, there is some merit here: the author writes reasonably well and doesn't fall into the insidious &quot;Freudian trap&quot; of putting Hitler on the couch, or believing everything in the OSS reports from World War II. Thus Tames eschews, thankfully, the &quot;carpet chewing&quot; caricature of Hitler and instead relies on a more steady, sober viewpoint: he was a psychopath but appeared amazingly normal to his hapless entourage. He was neither a sexual pervert, a syphillis-infected lunatic or a homosexual voyeur. Actually, Hitler's private life was the most banal and pedestrian thing about him.<br />To sum up, if you're a long-standing student of the Fuehrer, you would know everyting in the book. But for a beginner, this has some limited merit. So speed readers, get on your mark, get so, go!
This book first appeared in 1973 and never achieved wide circulation or got much ink. This is probably because Robert Payne's infantile &quot;Life and Death of Adolf Hitler&quot; appeared the same year and garnered the lion's share of fanfare. This is a pity because Colin Cross produced one of the most readable, accurate and underrated books written about Hitler in the past thirty years.<br />I highly recommend this book to all students of Hitler. Whether you're a neophyte or a seasoned veteran, there is a plethora of interesting, memorable material in the book. I recently re-read it for the first time in 25 years and was amazed at how good the book has remained. Highly recommended!
There is nothing new or earth-shattering here and any marginal student of Hitler will know everything between the pages of this book already. The photographic selection is also weak, the maps non-existent. However, there is some merit here: the author writes reasonably well and doesn't fall into the insidious &quot;Freudian trap&quot; of putting Hitler on the couch, or believing everything in the OSS reports from World War II. Thus Tames eschews, thankfully, the &quot;carpet chewing&quot; caricature of Hitler and instead relies on a more steady, sober viewpoint: he was a psychopath but appeared amazingly normal to his hapless entourage. He was neither a sexual pervert, a syphillis-infected lunatic or a homosexual voyeur. Actually, Hitler's private life was the most banal and pedestrian thing about him.<br />To sum up, if you're a long-standing student of the Fuehrer, you would know everyting in the book. But for a beginner, this has some limited merit.
It's too bad that author Gerald McKnight knows so little about the subject about which he is writing. McKnight belongs to the sorry school which purports to show Hitler as a sexual psychopath. The problem is, the evidence for this was all invented by disgruntled former associates or the American OSS during World War II.<br />If you know little about Hitler and women, this might be an enjoyable book, though McKnight ignores many women who had a physical relationship with Hitler and concentrates those who did not, such as Leni Riefenstahl and Unity Mitford. His chapters about Eva Braun is error-laden and completely obtuse. Glaringly absent are a long line of Hitler's lovers: Ada Klein, Jenny Haug, Suzi Liptauer, Mimi Reiter and others. His chapter on Bayreuth legend Winifred Wagner is the highlight of the book, though he inexplicably doesn't quote from her many, fascinating, interviews about Hitler. He also lapses into infantile paralysis when dealing with Hitler's half-niece and great love, Geli Raubal (no, Himmler did not murder her, as this book ridiculously claims).<br />The book is a decidedly mixed bag and for people with a serious background on the epoch, it's something of a waste of time.
This book by Ronnie Hanna offers a unique perspective on Ulysses S. Grant - a Scottish perspective, to be exact. This slim paperback volume actually has definite merit. The photos are pretty good, the text generally accurate, and the editorial comments from Hanna make for a good read. He admires Grant greatly and brings out facets of his character too often glossed over or overlooked.<br />There is a special chapter on Grant's trip to Scotland in 1878 and Hanna examines Grant's Scottish roots. So there is a quirky, unusual element here, but if you're a fan of General Grant, this book would be a welcome addition to your collection.
This is an underrated little gem of a book, especially for those with an interest in Grant. John Eaton knew USG in 1863 and had the unique ability of writing well about him, illuminating personal features not found elsewhere. My favorite scene is when Eaton hears rumors that Grant is hitting the bottle again. He goes out to Grant's hotel room to check out whether the whispers are true. There he finds Julia, Grant's much-adored wife, applying hot towels to the General's head and fussing over him. Why? Because he was suffering from a migraine, and one brought on by stress, not bourbon.<br />Eaton also includes some interesting commentary on Grant's irascible, unpleasant father. His insights into Grant's psyche make this worth your while. For anyone with an interest in Grant or the Freedmen, this is excellent source material.
When General Grant died in 1885, publishers climbed all over themselves in an effort to churn out as many memorial editions as they could. The market was flooded with books immortalizing the savior of the Union. Benjamin Perley Poore actually knew Grant, though not intimately, but he incorporates his acquaintance with Grant into the book, making it quite valuable. Poore writes, unfortunately, in the rather stilted manner of the late 1800's, and there are large portions of the book which plod along a little limply.<br />However, the sections on Grant's illness and death are highly entertaining, accurate, and contain information not found in other sources. For anyone with a serious interest in Ulysses Grant, this is an essential addition to your collection. It's undoubtedly dated, but the last 100 pages will have you sitting on the edge of your seat.
This book is seriously flawed and a waste of time for serious historians, but yet... it has some interesting moments. The premise behind the book is that the author is able to interview Ulysses S. Grant and ask him whatever he wishes. This is problematic, because Grant certainly would never have answered most of these questions. Many are too personal and even more relate directly to his drinking, a much-exaggerated aspect of his life. Grant would certainly have given the author a pointed look and then walked off, silent as usual.<br />But the Grant in this book is effusive and answers every question. No wonder, without this device, the book would have a crashing bore! So we have a voluble and chatty Ulys giving fake psychological insight into his drinking, his military decisions, his cancer and ultimately, his death. It's facile, inane, but one must admit, reasonably entertaining. Don't expect any real history in here because there is none. It's a fictional treatment of the man, but not entirely without merit. For people willing to buy anything on General Grant, this would be something worth owning.
This is a lengthy book, originally published in two volumes, and little read today. However, if you're interested in Ulysses S. Grant, this book deserves a place on your bookshelf. The material on Grant is absolutely riveting. Wilson knew Grant very well, and in later years, he turned against him in a visceral manner. His hostility was rampant, but he toned down his hatred when writing of Grant for public consumption. Wilson's sarcasm comes out only when he writes of Grant and Grant's chief of staff, John Aaron Rawlins. Wilson inflates Rawlins' wartime contributions to a rather ludicrous degree. and in the process losing considerable credibiity.<br />Wilson writes well and the text is not at all dated. Much of the tome is not especially interesting, but the sections on Grant make the purchase worthwhile. Highly recommended.
This book contains so many little nuggets of information that your head will spin, especially if you have a particular interest in Grant's nuanced relationships with his staff. The chapter on John Rawlins is a nearly definitive examination of this complicated, neurotic nanny-goat, the man who watched over Grant lest he lapse into &quot;intemperance.&quot; Equally fascinating are the chapter on Ben Butler and Baldy Smith, both containing damning indictments on Grant's surrepticious wartime drinking.<br />MacCartney writes very well and his research is diligent and thorough. He admires Grant a great deal, but doesn't make excuses for his sometimes unusual behavior, particularly when it comes to human relationships. An extremely shy, bashful man, Grant found it hard to open up to others or be comfortable in a group. The author understands this facet of Grant's character and writes about it with perception. This is highly recommended for any student of USG.
It's a great pity in Grant scholarship that the author of this book, Lloyd Lewis, died prematurely and was not able to continue his trilogy of Grant. Though the able Bruce Catton continued the project, he was never the writer or researcher that was Lloyd Lewis. This book is a remarkably accurate and clear portrayal of Ulysses Grant as a young man. The book ends on the eve of the Civil War, when Grant was stuck in his father's leather shop, bored and aching for something meaningful to do with his life. At 39, the civil war found Grant (or Grant found the war, take your pick) and history was never the same.<br />Lewis was known for his punctilious and dilligent research and it is a pleasure to read a book devoid of errors and rich in interpretation. He illuminates Grant as he *really* was: a decent, engaging, modest and clear-headed young man, destined for greatness but not quite knowing what to do with his considerable talents. This is one of the most outstanding Grant biographies and a must-read for anyone interested in the life and times of our greatest general.
This book is one of extremes: there are some interesting chapters relating to Grant's Presidential administration. But there are other sections of the book so mind-numbingly boring that it might be lethal to read them in their entirity. Tatum's style veers from the grandiloquent to the pithy depths of laconic mumbling and it's difficult to get any rhythm reading the book.<br />There is absolutely nothing about Grant's personal life in the book, which is a crushing disappointment. People new to the subject will have scant grasp on Grant as a man and more's the pity. However, the sections on USG's treatment of Indians is generally positive and accurate, with some glaring lapses. The book is also hopelessly outdated at this point because much revisionism has taken place regarding Grant's Presidency. Tatum basically represents how USG's Presidency was regarded in the 60's, but much new work has been done in the intervening forty years.<br />To sum up, a difficult read, but interesting if you have an interest in Grant's treatement of the American Indian.
This is one of the better books written about Ulysses S. Grant that are intended for children. Actually, in this case the term &quot;young adults&quot; is more appropriate because the text would be a bit complicated for children.<br />Rickarby writes quite well and like many women authors, seems to understand Grant, who had a plethora of female characteristics, such as kindness, gentleness and compassion. The military chapters are not especially good and there are a number of basic mistakes in describing various battles. Rickarby is stronger in the domestic realm, and she describes Grant's happy marriage and his life as a father very well.<br />The most outstanding part of the book are the paintings. In particular, there is a fabulous color depiction of Grant standing on the corner in St. Louis, selling firewood in the late 1850's. If you're a fan of General Grant, this painting alone makes the book a necessary purchase. Rarely has his mood, stance and demenenor been so well captured.
Though this book promises to uncover the childhood lives of Presidents, Ulysses S. Grant's childhood is actually given short shrift here. There is actually an abundance of material available about USG's life in Ohio as a young boy, but you won't find much of it in this book. His childhood is glossed over in a few pages, mostly concentrating on Grant's celebrated love for horses. The bulk of the book focuses on Grant's life at West Point, between the ages of 17-21, so it's really a book about his young adulthood.<br />I'm giving the book four stars because there is some interesting material about Grant's parents, including his quite miserable mother, who I believe was either mentally impaired or clinically depressed. Suffice to say she rarely uttered a word and gave her son zero affection throughout this life. The consequences this had on Grant's psyche were unavoidable. Also interesting is the material on Jesse Grant, the shrwed, tight-fisted, cheap and braggadacio father of General Grant.
This book is one of extremes: there are some interesting chapters relating to Grant's Presidential administration. But there are other sections of the book so mind-numbingly boring that it might be lethal to read them in their entirity. Tatum's style veers from the grandiloquent to the pithy depths of laconic mumbling and it's difficult to get any rhythm reading the book.<br />There is absolutely nothing about Grant's personal life in the book, which is a crushing disappointment. People new to the subject will have scant grasp on Grant as a man and more's the pity. However, the sections on USG's treatment of Indians is generally positive and accurate, with some glaring lapses. The book is also hopelessly outdated at this point because much revisionism has taken place regarding Grant's Presidency. Tatum basically represents how USG's Presidency was regarded in the 60's, but much new work has been done in the intervening forty years.<br />To sum up, a difficult read, but interesting if you have an interest in Grant's treatement of the American Indian.
There are much better general children's biographies of Ulysses S. Grant, but this book is especially strong in the military aspects of Grant's career. Special care is devoted to Grant's participation in the Mexican War and several chapters are set aside for detailed examinations of Grant's civil war campaigns. This is a surprisingly strong entry in the children's biography field, and the descriptions of Grant's various battles are generally accurate and simplified for the younger reader. The author's take on the Vicksburg campaign is actually highly entertaining and takes a complicated campaign, reducing it to something a child could comprehend.<br />Weaker are the areas of Grant's rich private life, and one wishes Coolridge would have concentrated a bit more on Grant's happy marriage and his abilities as a father. But all in all, this is a good military introduction into Grant's life.
If you're the type of person that enjoys viewing American icons clad in their underwear, then this is your baby. General Grant is shown basically unclad and then the nimble-fingered among you can dress him in uniform, black suit or even tails. Fred Astaire would be so jealous!<br />Grant's family is also shown, as well as his much-hated son-in-law, Algie, his crabby father-in-law, Colonel Dent, and his mismatched parents, with whom Grant had strained, weird relationship. All of the dolls strongly resemble the actual people and this is a marked strength in the booklet. The clothes are also accurate and appealing. The front and back covers of the book contain a fairly accurate representation of Grant's life, with the fanciful inclusion that Gen. and Mrs. Grant actually had five children, one of whom was lost in infancy. This &quot;lost child&quot; has no pedigree and no mention is made of this mysterious babe in any of the existing Grant literature.<br />If you're a fan of Grant or a fan of paper dolls in general, this is a fine (and fun) book.
McFeely won the Pulitzer Prize for this book in 1982, but the conclusions he reaches about his subject have drawn fire ever since. Those sympathetic to Grant correctly point to errant assumptions and mistakes in character analysis. Most glaring is McFeely's insistence that Grant gloried in carnage, was insensitive to death and suffering, and was an incompetent chief executive.<br />Actually Grant was one of the most exquisitiely sensitive men ever born and was nothing like the 'butcher' that McFeely describes. However, the research in the book is quite good and there are very few factual errors to be found, though his chapters on the civil war are relatuvely weak. This contrasts markedly to Geoffrey Perret's 1997 Grant biography, which contained inaccuracies on nearly every page. McFeely is most solid in the period of Reconstruction, though he is usually overly prone to criticize the hapless Grant. Throughout many chapters, it seems the General can't buy a break.<br />McFeely's greatest admiration for Grant is contained in two areas of his life: his family relationships, specifically his loving marriage to wife Julia, and his abilities as a writer. McFeely leaves no doubt that he regards Grant's 1885 Memoirs as one of the great books ever written and the best part of this biography is in explaining the processes Grant used to produce such a masterpiece, while dying of throat cancer.<br />With its flaws and uneven treatment of Grant, McFeely's book cannot be considered definitive, but it is still the only complete biography of Grant written in the past 30 years. Perret's limping entry isn't even in the same league as this book, in accuracy, writing or research. To sum up: overly critical, but a must read for Civil War buffs.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.d an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
This is a controversial book because of one reason: the author maintains he witnessed Grant getting drunk during the Vicksburg campaign in 1863. Why this is particularly contentious with Grant supporters is a trifle mystifying, but Grant fans still vociferously contend the author &quot;embellished&quot; or &quot;lied&quot; about the drinking binge. Never mind that two other people who were also with Grant corroborate the drinking story. Never mind that his chief of staff specifically wrote about the binging in a private letter.<br />Aside from this drinking anecdote, the book is a warm, rich portrayal of General Grant from a man with a discerning eye. Cadwallader relates many small incidents of Grant's everyday life as a man and as a general that are fascinating and not to be found in other first-person narratives.<br />Cadwallader truly loved Grant and his book shows his regard and his profound attachment to him. It's a pity that so many people denigrate such a fine book simply because they feel the author's memory was fallible or because they refuse to see Grant as a multi-facted man. A man with his share of human frailties and weaknesses, but still a towering individual: a great general and a man of uncommon moral fiber and decency. If you know little about Grant, this is a good place to begin a journey in seeking to know him as a man and as a great soldier who saved the union.
It's a great pity in Grant scholarship that the author of this book, Lloyd Lewis, died prematurely and was not able to continue his trilogy of Grant. Though the able Bruce Catton continued the project, he was never the writer or researcher that was Lloyd Lewis. This book is a remarkably accurate and clear portrayal of Ulysses Grant as a young man. The book ends on the eve of the Civil War, when Grant was stuck in his father's leather shop, bored and aching for something meaningful to do with his life. At 39, the civil war found Grant (or Grant found the war, take your pick) and history was never the same.<br />Lewis was known for his punctilious and dilligent research and it is a pleasure to read a book devoid of errors and rich in interpretation. He illuminates Grant as he *really* was: a decent, engaging, modest and clear-headed young man, destined for greatness but not quite knowing what to do with his considerable talents. The only slight criticism is that Lewis spends too much time on the military aspects of the Mexican War, but you can skim through those passages. This is one of the most outstanding Grant biographies and a must-read for anyone interested in the life and times of our greatest general.
Everything Henke publishes is always a high quality, well-researched effort and this is no exception. It's not hyperbole to say that this book contains virtually everything you ever wanted to know about Lennon memorabilia; the details are prodigious. It's an almost encyclopedic chronicle of Lennon's life from 1940 until his tragic death in 1980. Casual fans might suffocate under the weight of all this info, but for Lennon fanatics, like me, this is nirvana.<br />The book is divided between personal material about John, his relationships, marriages, divorce, and two sons, and his professional career. His partnership with Paul is explored in fascinating detail and no discernible bias can be seen. The index is easy to follow and cross-referenced so you can easily find what you're looking for. The highlights are the color photos of John memorabilia: report cards, Quarrymen stuff, lyric sheets... it'll blow your mind.<br />If you are a serious fan of John Lennon, this is an indispensible guide to his songwriting, personality and his life. If only he had been allowed more than 40 years on earth, how many more classic songs would he have written? Sadly, we will never know, but this celebration of his life is as good as it gets.
In the 1970's, at the height of the Hitler boom, Glenn Infield had a cottage industry. He produced numerous books on Hitler and Eva Braun, made a ton of money and then thankfully, disappeared from the face of the earth. I say &quot;thankfully&quot; because Infield never was bothered to get his facts straight. He was (in)famous for making up interviews with long-lost Hitler associates, and even inventing people if it suited him. He even claimed to have interviewed Unity Mitford in 1976; the only problem was that she had been dead for 35 years. Oh well, Infield never was one to allow the facts to get in the way of telling a juicy story.<br />So the text is inaccurate, shoddy and unintentionally funny. He claims Hitler necked on the sofa with a British woman at Bayreuth in 1935, never mind that the woman herself later admitted she'd never even met the Fuehrer or Glenn Infield, for that matter, who claimed to have interviewed her. I could go on and on, but let's just say the book is mostly fiction. The photographs, however, are exceptional. There are actually some rare gems in here, though, as usual, Infiel misidentifies dozens of them. There are at least twenty photos of Gretl Braun (Eva's sister), that are identified as Eva. Infield even has a photo of Max Amann that he says is Heinrich Himmler. Sigh.<br />To sum up, if you want some unusual and rare photos of Hitler and Eva, there are in the book. Forget the accuracy of the words, however.
Frank wrote this book in 1997 and it remains an interesting look at Eva Braun. He employed the John Toland philosophy of historical writing, which is to seek out, interview and delve into the memories of people who actually knew Eva Braun. Thus Frank contributed greatly to our understanding of Braun because he interviewed her two sisters and her best friend, Herta Schneider. Their information is priceless and of course, they are all since deceased.<br />Frank's book is not the definitive look at Eva (see Nerin E. Gun's 1967 book for that distinction), but he makes very few factual errors and these are trivial in nature. He takes the reader through Hitler and Eva's first meeting in 1929 up until their joint suicide in the Berlin bunker. Perhaps most importantly, Gun provides ample evidence that Hitler was not the sexual pervert, homosexual, or impotent puppet that other, more recent, books purport to &quot;prove.&quot; Gun amply shows that Hitler was normal sexually and he and Eva had a pretty pedestrian, average private life, devoid of whips, chains, or other perversions.<br />This remains an excellent biography of Eva Braun. I recommend it highly.
Parker really delivers with this book on Seneca Indian Chief and Union Civil War General Ely S. Parker. The chapters on Ulysses Grant are especially interesting. The author unveils some little-known information about Grant and his relationship with Parker. He quotes several letters that Parker wrote in later years, complaining that Grant had dumped him and that Grant's wife was so enamored with rich men, that Grant's wartime staff had been rendered useless. Quite enlightening material.<br />Parker writes well and the book is solidly researched. If you have an interest in Grant, the book is definitely one to own. If your interest is Parker, then all the better. Recommended.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.d an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher or bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 119 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.d an intensely good read. I have read them many times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
Bruce Catton was the man who salvaged Ulysses Grant's flagging reputation in the 1950's and 60's, and restored him to his deserved place in the pantheon of America's greats. Catton wrote a marvelous trilogy of Grant's military career and also wrote this little gem which is, by a wide margin, the best introductory work ever written on Grant. This isn't intended for people who are civil war historians or who have a vast knowledge of Grant. It's meant for those who know little about Grant and are curious to learn more. Look no further than the pages of this book.<br />Catton understands Grant nearly to perfection, and this is a hard task given his subject's inscrutible nature. He admires him tremendously and the reader will undoubtedly share his feelings by the end of the book. Grant was an immensely likeable, honest and decent man; he loved his wife, his children and his country and sacrficied immensely for them all. One weakness here is that Catton gives very short shrift to Grant's Presidency; he seems to run out of gas a trifle after Appomattox.<br />If you are new to Grant and want to learn more, this is *the* book to purchase. You won't be sorry.
For any admirer of Ulysses S. Grant, this book is a must have for your collection. Though it's a slim little volume, it packs a wallop. The book was written in conjunction with an exhibit of Grant photographs that was on display at the Lyndon Johnson Library in Austin, Texas. I visited that exhibit and purchased this book at that time. It's been very difficult to find another copy in the intervening years.<br />John Simon wrote a pithy and excellent introduction to this volume, and Barber continues on with his own narrative, which is surprisingly well-written, accurate and even witty at times. The photos are good, the paper quality exceptional... what's not to like?
One wonders why this book was republished since it contains very little interesting information on General Grant. All of these letters are available in the multi-volume series, &quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant,&quot; published by Southern Illinoise University. The letters here are published with any editing, and for people unfamiliar with Grant, it will be very difficult to follow the people, places, and events described herein.<br />The book is still rated as above average, if only because Grant writes beautifully, and the letters show his droll, dry wit to perfection. But it would be a waste to purchase this volume, especially if you have access to the &quot;Papers of USG&quot; project.
Adam Badeau was a man who served on Grant's staff and who knew him well. Unfortunately, Badeau was venal, conceited, arrogant, cheap and had the character of a con man. Grant, hopelessly naive about many things, never was able to see into the black soul of this snake. Badeau wrote this book shortly after Grant's death when he was engaged in suing the Grant family, claiming he (Badeau) wrote Grant's Memoirs. A greater snake never slithered upon the earth than this creep.<br />However, this book has definite merits. There's no doubt he knew Grant very well and he truly loved him for long periods. Much of the work is dated and contains chapters on figures long lost to history, such as Lord Gladstone and others to numerous to name. However, there are marvelous nuggets interspersed between the wretched parts. There are glimpses of Grant's private side which you'll not find in other places. This alone makes the book essential reading for anyone fascinated with the inimitable General Grant. Especially intriguing are chapters about Grant's world journey between 1877-1879 and his last days. This is mandatory reading for all who enjoy Grant, even if we revile this particular author.
There are currently a total of five books that compile the photographs of Linda McCartney. This is head and shoulders above the other books. It includes her *best* photos and the most interesting ones. This book omits any landscape photos or pictures of inanimate objects. Sorry, when you've been married to Paul McCartney and hung out with the Beatles for 15 months, photos of a pencil eraser shouldn't be cluttering up the precious space.<br />Linda was a truly talented artist with the camera. The way she lit her subjects and captured them candidly is really intriguing. I love her photos because I love Paul and the Beatles, and I suspect most people will buy the book because of that. But there are also some outstanding shots of Jagger, Brian Jones, Jim Morrison and some other 60's icons. Highly recommended.
Adam Badeau was a man who served on Grant's staff and who knew him well. Unfortunately, Badeau was venal, conceited, arrogant, cheap and had the character of a con man. Grant, hopelessly naive about many things, never was able to see into the black soul of this snake. Badeau wrote his trilogy between 1868-1881. He sent every chapter to General Grant for comments and corrections. Grant read every word aloud to his wife, Julia, and he would scribble in the margins her comments for Badeau's benefit. This book is the first book of the three he produced on USG's military career.<br />With this advantage, you would think Badeau could produce an entertaining, engaging book. Forget it, reading this miserable thing is like swimming through pea soup in a London fog. Badeau is no writer and this becomes painfully obvious from the first paragraph onwards. Despite his closeness to Grant and the unprecendented access he had to Grant's opinions, this military history is as interesting as reading a phone book. Avoid this wretched history and save yourself the agony of wading through it.
This slim little volume contains various articles about Grant culled from other sources. Some of them are redundant and not especially interesting, but there are several chapters containing some great, little-known material about Grant. This book would not be a good choice if you're just beginning to read about Grant, but if you have a strong interest and like just about anything to do with him, this is a necessary purchase. The editing, packaging and presentation of the book is excellent. The content is variable, but occasionally soars. Recommended.
There are currently a total of five books that compile the photographs of Linda McCartney. This is head and shoulders above the other books. It includes her *best* photos and the most interesting ones. This book omits any landscape photos or pictures of inanimate objects. Sorry, when you've been married to Paul McCartney and hung out with the Beatles for 15 months, photos of a pencil eraser shouldn't be cluttering up the precious space.<br />Linda was a truly talented artist with the camera. The way she lit her subjects and captured them candidly is really intriguing. I love her photos because I love Paul and the Beatles, and I suspect most people will buy the book because of that. But there are also some outstanding shots of Jagger, Brian Jones, Jim Morrison and some other 60's icons. Highly recommended.
This is one of the least-known Grant books, but one of the best, especially for beginners. As an introduction to the subject, this is outstanding. Focusing more on Grant's Presidency than other facets of his life, it shows conclusively that USG was a better President than he's given credit for. Carpenter also explores Grant's rich personal life, and his extremely happy marriage. He was an unusually devoted husband and father and there's much material about this human side.<br />There are better biographies of Grant and this is too brief to be a detailed study. But as an introduction into the magic of this man, it would be hard to top this.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
I bought this book because I enjoyed the first volume of Twain's letters so much, I became hooked on this series. I wasn't disappointed, this volume is even better than the first one. Though it covers only one year, the letters to Livy, his wife, make this a treasure trove.<br />If you love Mark Twain, this is a necessary book and an extremely enjoyable one. Expertly edited, the letters are as interesting to read (if not more so!) than Twain's fiction. It's impossible not to be drawn to this witty, brilliant, sarcastic, amazing man. His letters shine a light upon his soul in a way that his fiction doesn't always do. For anyone who admires the greatest American author, this will win a deserved place of honor on your bookshelf.
If you love Mark Twain, this is a necessary book and an extremely enjoyable one. Expertly edited, the letters are as interesting to read (if not more so!) than Twain's fiction. It's impossible not to be drawn to this witty, brilliant, sarcastic, amazing man. His letters shine a light upon his soul in a way that his fiction doesn't always do. I think the most interesting section are the letters from San Francisco. For anyone who admires the greatest American author, this will win a deserved place of honor on your bookshelf.
To abridge Grant's Memoirs is to eviscerate one of the greatest books in the English language. It's like cutting out various chapters in the Bible, or cutting act three from MacBeth. Please don't buy this abridged version, every word of the original is worth reading and savoring. Abridging this classic of American literature is incomprehensible and baffling.
The Papers of Jefferson Davis is a project out of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The entire series is well-edited, nicely produced and the format of the series is reader-friendly. The books reproduce all of the letters Davis wrote, as well as his speeches, telegrams and the responses to his letters. The responses appear in the footnotes and the appendix of the books.<br />For anyone with an interest in the American Civil War, Jefferson, or the politics of the Confederacy, these are welcome volumes. Most surprising to me is that Davis comes across privately as an intelligent, sometimes witty man. His letters to hiw wife, Varina, are especially intriguing. Highly recommended.
This is a well-researched and thoughtfully-written biography of a man who was perhaps the most famous man in the world in the decade of the 1960's. Now, sadly, Burton's legacy and fame have dimmed considerably and he's remembered more as Elizabeth Taylor's fifth (and sixth) husband. He was much more than that. I have always thought Burton overacted miserably in most of his roles and I was chiefly intrigued with him because of his beautiful physicality and because was an erudite, deeply intelligent man. He was also a prodigious reader and a keen intellect, but this genius seemed utterly wasted on Liz, a woman with whom he shared a passionate sex life, but precious little else.<br />The highlight of this book is the inclusion of over 100 pages of Burton's diaries, kept meticuously from 1965 until his death. Burton writes candidly, wittily and brilliantly. It's devilishly exciting to read his words about Liz and his vicious put downs of others, including a visceral tirade against poor Lucille Ball. He also muses on occasion about his autistic daughter, Jessica, who was hidden by the Burtons and kept in an institution all her life.<br />Burton had a larger-than-life appetite for living, sex, booze... you name it. He was self-destructive, manic-depressive and difficult, but all of those things make for a compelling character and this book illuminates him like no other.
I've spent a great deal of time in Munich and this is one of the funniest and most entertaining guides I've ever seen. This is not a guidebooks for tourists with kids, this is for single people looking to have a good time. I've been to many of the bars, restaurants and beerhalls the author critiques and I agree with him on almost every place (the exception is the Augustinerbrau, this place is pricey, but the food is great). Larmour tells you which places to avoid and where to go for the best beer, food and ambience. If you're i Schwabing, Bogenhausen, Haidhausen, it won't matter, he covers the bases in all regions. I highly recommend this book if you're planning on being in Munich and want the lowdown on what's what.
This is a very useful book, I was surprised at its depth and information. Whether you've spent lots of time in Bavaria or are a newcomer, these drives are almost all excellent, off the beaten track and easily nagivated. The maps included are more than adequate, it's almost impossible to get lost. The authors throw in little tips, such as nice inns to stay at or good restaurants along the way. I've spent a lot of time driving in Bavaria and Austria and this book was a truly pleasant surprise. If you love Bavaria and you like beautiful drives, I highly recommend this.
I bought this book because I had seen (and suffered through) Steves' amateurish and infantile videos on visiting Italy. I was curious to see if his books were as bad as his videos. The verdict: they are equally as bad. The problem is, Steves isn't an innate or talented traveler, though he apparently has performed a miracle and makes money fooling others that he *is* a great traveler. The Arthur Frommer Guides are much better than these Steves offerings.<br />Problems abound. Steves concentrates most of his time on typical tourist destinations in Rome. Of course it's interesting to read about the Coliseum, but does he provide information on how to catch a taxi or streetcar? Of course not. What about hotels? His advice is universally bad. He hasn't a clue on how to locate a low-cost Pensions and opts for dingy tents on the outskirts of town. His suggestions on eating are obtuse. Snacking in Italy is a cinch: go to a bakery in the morning, buy your rolls, cheese and coffee and be on your way. His suggestions of hanging around railway stations and saving a few pennies are insulting and poorly rendered.<br />Similarly wretched is his advice on getting about the city and Rome's environs. Forget the railway, you can rent an econo car for about $150 a week. Yes, gas is expensive, but driving is the only way to see this beautiful country, though I would not recommend driving within the city limits. Another weakness is Steves' opinions of Rome, which basically consists of 10 pages advising you to frequent the cheapest and most touris-ridden spots. If that's all there is to see and do in Rome, then we're  in trouble. Truly, this is a terrible book written in plodding, patronizing style, guaranteed to set your nerves a-jangle. Rome is a sublime place: the people, the food, the sights and sounds are fantastic! This book will steer you to the worst tourist traps. Avoid it.
I bought this book because I had seen (and suffered through) Steves' amateurish and infantile videos on visiting Italy. I was curious to see if his books were as bad as his videos. The verdict: they are equally as bad. The problem is, Steves isn't an innate or talented traveler, though he apparently has performed a miracle and makes money fooling others that he *is* a great traveler. The Arthur Frommer Guides are much better than these Steves offerings.<br />Problems abound. Steves concentrates most of his time on typical tourist destinations in Venice. Of course it's interesting to read about St. Mark's Sqaure, but does he provide information on how to catch a taxi or streetcar? Of course not. What about hotels? His advice is universally bad. He hasn't a clue on how to locate a low-cost Pensions and opts for dingy tents on the outskirts of town. His suggestions on eating are obtuse. Snacking in Italy is a cinch: go to a bakery in the morning, buy your rolls, cheese and coffee and be on your way. His suggestions of hanging around railway stations and saving a few pennies are insulting and poorly rendered.<br />Similarly wretched is his advice on getting about the city and Venice's environs. Forget the gondola, Venice is a walking city, not that Steves bothers to tell you this. Another weakness is Steves' opinions of the city, which basically consists of 10 pages advising you to frequent the cheapest and most touris-ridden spots. If that's all there is to see and do in Venice, then we're in trouble. Truly, this is a terrible book written in plodding, patronizing style, guaranteed to set your nerves a-jangle. Venice is a sublime place: the people, the food, the sights and sounds are fantastic! This book will steer you to the worst tourist traps. Avoid it.
I was given this book as a child and loved it then. However, with the passage of 30 years, this book has become thoroughly out of date. It's amazing that Burton was perhaps the most famous man in the world in the decade of the 1960's. Now, sadly, Burton's legacy and fame have dimmed considerably and he's remembered more as Elizabeth Taylor's fifth (and sixth) husband. He was much more than that. I have always thought Burton overacted in many of his roles and I was chiefly intrigued with him because of his beautiful physicality and because was an erudite, deeply intelligent man. He was also a prodigious reader and a keen intellect, but this genius seemed utterly wasted on Liz, a woman with whom he shared a passionate sex life, but precious little else.<br />Burton had a larger-than-life appetite for living, sex, booze... you name it. He was self-destructive, manic-depressive and difficult, but all of those things make for a compelling character but this book is dry and plodding. I recommend Melvin Bragg's Burton bio instead of this one from 1971.
It grieves me to give any Beatles photograph book only four stars, but I have to say these photos have almost all been published previously. If you're new to the Fabs or don't have many photograph compilations of them, then this will be a magnificent book. But if you've collected on them for years and own Benson's previous book, then many of the pictures will be recycled ones to you.<br />Ultimately, it doesn't matter, any book featuring the boys is always a treat, even if the information has been read a thousand times before. The quality of the book is good, the photos are reproduced beautifully, what's not to like? Incidentally, the cover photo of John, Paul and Ringo is one of the more evocative photos in the book, they usually crop poor Ringo out of this one. Enjoy!
If you're planning on spending just a few days in Munich, then this compact little guide will be indispensible in locating the famous beerhalls and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the U-Bahn in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the beerhalls of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest beer, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Munich or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is basically intended for the casual tourist and the information on the intriguing environs of Munich, including Bogenhausen, Haidhausen and areas of Schwabing, is not detailed. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. The chapters on Berchtesgaden and Garmisch are excellent, however. So this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Munich, enjoy the greatest city in Europe and be sure to tuck away this guide.
As a physical fitness addict, I bought this book hoping to read about like-minded sorts who love to work out because it makes us feel and look better. Well, after reading it through, it's a decidedly mixed bag, and asks more questions than it answers. Basically, most really fit people know that in order to look good past the age of 35, you have to exercise vigorously and constantly. There are no shortcuts once you reach the dreaded middle age. The people you see on exercise infomercials with the ripped abs and huge biceps are taking steroids. The sleeker, toned look comes from diet and having a personal trainer. People with a good, fit figure, work very hard at it, and make it their top priority in life. Tyhe infomercials that tell you, \\"just four minutes a day to a better body\\" are lying.<br />My main criticism with Kolata is that she wastes a great deal of time on her own experience with \\"spinning\\" on a stationary bike. I like the stationary bike as much as anyone, but intricate details of her life on one is not my cup of tea. Another weakness is that Kolata doesn't explore aerobic experience completely, she sort of dismisses long distance running as a \\"fad from the 70's,\\" which is a very curious statement in a book supposed to be about fitness. Her sections on strength training also contain some dubious information.<br />Ultimately, the formula for fitness is one that few can achieve because hardly anyone has the time to exercise strenuously 20 hours a week. If you do this, you can pretty much pig out on what you like and laugh at the people stuck on the hideous Atkins diet, stuffing themselves with unhealthy garbage like bacon, steaks and red meat. I really wanted to like this book, but came away disappointed.
There's no doubt that Robinson's guide is one of the great books written about the JMT, no one disputes this. It's nicely written, informative and gives background on the trail not found in other guides. However (and this is a huge &quot;but&quot;), this book is *not* useful for planning a present-day thru hike of the John Muir Trail. It was written in the mid 1930's and so much has changed in the intervening 70 years. Locations to trailheads, water sources and resupplying points and all drastically changed since 1936.<br />Most people who thru hike the JMT want all books every published about it, to remind ourselves of our accomplishment. This book definitely deserves a hallowed spot on your bookshelf, it just doesn't belong in your pack in these modern times.
The most enjoyable hours of my life have been spent hiking in Yosemite and this inexpensive little guide is absolutely indispensible for the novice or experienced hiker.<br />The maps are detailed and will give you an excellent idea of what each hike is going to look like. I use it almost daily during hiking season and it helps in selecting hikes, planning them, reaching the trailhead and gauging whether a hike will be worthwhile. Each hike contains an accurate and fairly detailed description of the rigors of each trek. Occasionally I quibble with the author's ranking of a given hike, but usually he is on the mark.<br />A few cautionary notes: there are no photos in the book, and only general maps which introduce the hiker to each specific place. The descriptions of how to reach each trailhead are excellent, unless you have little experience with Yosemite.<br />My favorite part of the book is that the Touloume Meadows High Country area is not neglected, nor the great hikes around Hetch Hetchy. Equally detailed are the fantastic hikes on the Valley Floor. I use this guide when I do my summer hiking in Yosemite and can't reommend it enough. It's a no frills approach, but it's handy, convenient and weighs next to nothing.
This is one of the lesser-known books on the JMT, and I bought it with some trepidation. But boy, was I pleasantly surprised! This is a true little gem. I have thru hiked the Muir Trail from north to south and found this book is very informative and containing some very useful information. The maps are adorable and hand-drawn, but highly accurate.  The book is not marketed as being geared towards novices, but there's no doubt it would benefit a beginner and be less beneficial to a seasoned backpacker. But even old pros with be delighted with the format and presentation here.<br />There are route descriptions of each facet of the trail, such as explaining the drop off points, elevation gains and topography of Thousand Island Lake in Mammoth to Tuolumne Meadows in Yosemite. You could do a thru hike without this guide, but if you're the least bit apprehensive, then this would ease your worries. Even if your an armchair JMT thru hiker, I think you'd enjoy this nifty book.
I bought this book because I had seen (and suffered through) Steves' amateurish and infantile videos on visiting Italy. I was curious to see if his books were as bad as his videos. The verdict: they are equally as bad. The problem is, Steves isn't an innate or talented traveler, though he apparently has performed a miracle and makes money fooling others that he *is* a great traveler. The Arthur Frommer Guides are much better than these Steves offerings.<br />Problems abound. Steves concentrates most of his time on two cities: Rome and Florence. He hasn't a clue on how to locate a low-cost Pensions and opts for dingy tents on the outskirts of town. His suggestions on eating are obtuse. Snacking in Italy is a cinch: go to a bakery in the morning, buy your rolls, cheese and coffee and be on your way. His suggestions of hanging around railway stations and saving a few pennies are insulting and poorly rendered.<br />Similarly wretched is his advice on getting about the country. Forget the railway, you can rent an econo car for about $150 a week. Yes, gas is expensive, but driving is the only way to see this beautiful country. Another weakness is Steves' summation of Rome, which basically consists of 10 pages advising you to frequent the cheapest and most touris-ridden spots. If that's all there is to see and do in Rome, then we're all in trouble. Truly, this is a terrible book written in plodding, patronizing style, guaranteed to set your nerves a-jangle. Italy is a sublime place: the people, the food, the sights and sounds are fantastic! This book will steer you to the worst tourist traps. Avoid it.
I was disappointed in this guide. Though it profiles the three routes to the summit of Rainier and contains some nice color photos plus excellent maps, all of this you can get with a click of your mouse on the Internet. I was crushingly disappointed when this book arrived. It is intended to tote along with you on a Rainier ascent, that is obvious because of the books lightweight nature and the fact it folds into a small area. But the vast majority of mountaineers now use licensed guides, thus the book is irrelevant.
I bought this book because I had seen (and suffered through) Steves' amateurish and infantile videos on visiting Germany. I was curious to see if his books were as bad as his videos. The verdict: they are equally as bad. The problem is, Steves isn't an innate or talented traveler, though he apparently has performed a miracle and makes money fooling others that he *is* a great traveler. The Arthur Frommer Guides are much better than these Steves offerings.<br />Problems abound. Steves concentrates most of his time on two cities: Berlin and Munich. He hasn't a clue on how to locate a low-cost Pension and opts for dingy tents on the outskirts of town. His suggestions on eating are obtuse. Snacking in Germany is a cinch: go to a bakery in the morning, buy your rolls, cheese and coffee and be on your way. His suggestions of hanging around railway stations and saving a few pennies are insulting and poorly rendered.<br />Similarly wretched is his advice on getting about the country. Forget the railway, you can rent an econo car for about $150 a week. Yes, gas is expensive, but driving is the only way to see these three beautiful countries. Another weakness is Steves' summation of Austria, which basically consists of 10 pages divided between Vienna and Salzburg. If that's all there is to see in Austria, then we're all in trouble. Truly, this is a terrible book written in plodding, patronizing style, guaranteed to set your nerves a-jangle.
This book made a big splash when it was published, there were oodles of headlines screaming, &quot;Richard Burton was a pedophile!&quot; Ah hem... not quite. The only portions worth reading here are the Burton ones, the rest of the tome is one large snooze fest. Kingsland lived a teenage life to die for: as a 14 year old school girl in London, she meets Richard Burton, then 29 and starring in various Shakespearean productions at the Old Vic. Not surprisingly, she was instantly attracted to Burton (what female between the ages of 9 and 90 wouldn't be?), and told him she was 17.<br />Then their affair began. It was long afterwards that Kingsland admitted to Richard that she was actually only 14 years of age, but Burton didn't seem to care, and continued making love to the girl for several more months. He finally dumps her, as he dumped all his mistresses of that era: Jean Simmons, Claire Bloom and Susan Strasberg, to name a few of his thousands of conquests. Kingsland writes well and her chapters on Burton are engrossing, to say the least. Richard comes off as a drunken but charming cad, and his lovemaking prowess seems to have been rather limited: a slam, bam, thank you, ma'am sort of guy. But when you look like that, who is going to complain? There are some problems with dates, the author puts Burton in London when he wasn't there, and he was certainly not playing Hamlet at the Vic in 1954!<br />I can think of worse things than to be deflowered by Richard Burton, even if he should have done the proper thing and waited until this girl was out of school. If you're into Burton, this will do you nicely.
If you want to hear droning stories about British theatre life, then this is your baby. However, if you're hoping for some juicy revelations about Peter O'Toole, look someplace else. What a crushing disappointment this is. Sian was married to O'Toole for 20 years and during the height of his world-wide fame. She was with him during his breakthrough role as Lawrence of Arabia, in Becket, Goodbye Mr. Chips, and all his other stellar 60's roles. I expected gobs of gossip on Taylor and Burton, but Sian merely relates Peter's drinking binges with Burton and the fact Kate Hepburn referred to Liz and Richard as \\"fat pigs.\\"<br />And what about O'Toole's drinking? As one of the most famous drunk actors of all time, in the league of Lee Marvin, Burton, Oliver Reed and Richard Harris, I expected some fireworks in this area. Forget it. Sian clinically describes Peter's addictions, his out of control lifestyle and racing cars, but it's all told in a desperately dry manner. All very disappointing.
Heston doesn't write especially well, so expect no fireworks among the pages. However, he has presented an accurate and clinical history of Hitler's health. The most interesting portions relate to Dr. Theo Morell, who became Hitler's personal physician in 1935. Morell was a hygenically-challenged mess whom all in the Hitler inner circle despised. Eva Braun said she would not allow &quot;that pig&quot; to get near her. Still, Morell exerted considerable influence over Hitler, who became physically dependent on the array of drugs Morell injected into him. By 1942, Hitler's physical decline was alarming, and Morell was dousing him with uppers to get up in the morning and downers to allow him sleep.<br />The &quot;raving lunatic&quot; side of Hitler, always depicted in motion pictures, is a myth. He was nothing like the movie Hitlers, as this book eloquently shows. He was, however, hopelessly addicted to amphetimines and barbituates for many years prior to his 1945 death. Though dry reading, it still will hold your interest.
Serious warning for all prospective readers of this book: this is the most misleading title ever created. This book has almost nothing about about the July 20,1944 bomb plot by Count von Staufenberg against Hitler. Of course you'd think this would be about that topic since the title mentions this event. Forget it! Instead, it's a lengthy, boring and ultimately unreadable account of the German Home Front in 1944-45. That's a fairly interesting subject, but not when you expect to read something about July 20, 1944. I didn't even finish this twaddle, Hitler appears on a scant 14 pages, Staufenberg is a non-entity here. A crushing disappointment.
When this book was published in 1968, it created a world-wide sensation. Why? Mainly because it contended that the Soviets had done an autopsy on Hitler's body and found he had had only one testicle. For many years, an entire industry grew up around this ridiculous myth. Authors swallowed the story hook, line, and sinker, and claimed that Hitler's monorchism (having one testicle), was the cause of his anti-semitism, anti-Bolshevism and all his other psychological traumas.<br />Anyone should have known then that this Russian report was politically inspired and completely fabricated. When the Soviet Union finally toppled, in 1991, Bezymenskii admitted in several interviews that he was forced to invent the &quot;missing testicle&quot; story to avoid being sent to a Gulag. I guess that was motivation enough, but this idiotic fiction fooled many in the intervening thirty years.<br />The book is dry, poorly translated and contains proven lies. There's no point in reading it unless you want a laugh or two.
I first bought the German language version of this book in Braunau am Inn, Austria, in 1979. Immediately I recognized many of the paintings and drawings in here to be crude forgeries. Subsequent research has been published which proves many of the material here was forged by Konrad Kujau, later indicted for the Hitler Diaries hoax in 1983. For the record: all of the nude drawings of Geli and Eva are forgeries, all the paintings by &quot;Hitler&quot; post-1918 are forgeries and all the floral arrangement paintings are fakes. In addition, most of the paintings in the color section were done by Kujau.<br />So why am I giving this book 3 stars, instead of one? For several reasons. First, the book is beautifully produced, on thick, glossy paper and solid linen covers. And there are enough genuine Hitler paintings reproduced to make it worthwhile. Though flawed and loaded with forgeries, it's still a mandatory book for any serious Hitler collection. My favorite forgeries are the ridiculous &quot;deer&quot; paintings, which you'll see. There are absurd, yet passed off as genuine Hitler originals!
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler.<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler. It's a pity that somehow, this gem has been relegated to a lesser status and poorly-researched tripe on Hitler is passed off as &quot;definitive.&quot;<br />Maser's historical credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly, of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices, and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this is an excellent book.
This is the definitive English-language version of Hitler's early years. It's not as well-written or as interesting as Franz Jetzinger's German-language book on AH's early manhood, but this is good. The book was published in 1966 and is, unfortunately, dated. There has been significant additional material unearthed since the 60's. Another problem is that there are no photos in the book. It would have helped the overall impression had they included photos of Braunau, Leonding and especially, Linz, the Fuehrer's favorite city and regarded as his &quot;hometown.&quot;<br />Smith doesn't write especially well, but his research is dilligent and reliable. Don't expect any fireworks in the style department, but you can be assured of a solid, quality reading experience.
I expected this book to be a collection of reproduced newspapers and magazine clippings relating to Hitler from 1923 until he invaded Poland. One would expect this would be the content, considering the title of the book. Well, forget it. It's merely one long, dreary essay on how Hitler was treated in magazines, with some scanty examples thrown in here and there. Zalampas is hardly a Hitler scholar and omits many salient articles on Hitler's early career, especially ones from the &quot;Literary Digest,&quot; the first American magazine to feature Hitler, as early as 1921. I don't really know the point of this exercise, it's not interesting, enlightening, or remotely intriguing.
I first bought this book in the late 1970's on the Obersalzberg and still enjoy it. There have been many pictorial books about Hitler's mountain idyll above Berchtesgaden, but this is one of the best. A downfall is that there are no colorized photos inside, but the quality of the black and white images is very good. The text is also accurate and interesting, if you can read German. But the book is not especially compromised if you can't read the language. There are quite a number or rare and previously unpublished images of the Fuehrer in this book. If you have a pronounced interest in his life at Haus Wachenfeld and the Berghof, this is a &quot;must have&quot; addition to your collection.
There is nothing revelatory in this book and the errors are predictable and redundant. Putting Hitler on the couch is nothing new, Walter Langer and the OSS produced the first psychological profile of Hitler in 1943. It is still in print and available and is much superior to this effort.<br />The main problem is that Hitler is dead and putting him through psychoanalysis is problematic, to say the least. I have an innate distrust of non-Germans (or non-German speakers) writing biographies of Hitler, so Moriarty is doomed from the get-go. The vast majority of Hitlerian documents have never been translated and a non-German speaker tackles the project with a severe disadvantage. Rather predictably, the author relies on discredited information, outdated sources and throws in some psychological treatises of his own, which lack credibility.<br />Hitler was an extraordinarily complex, complicated personality and the vast majority of historians have missed the mark in interpreting him or understanding him. Moriarty utterly misses the mark in explaining Hitler's relationships with women. He was hardly a sexual pervert and maintained a monogamous, though neurotic, relationship with Eva Braun for the last thirteen years of his life.<br />If you want a steady, readable and reliable biography of Hitler, I urge you to consult John Toland's masterful 1976 book. Nothing has surpassed it in the 28 years since its publication.
This was number one on the New York Times bestseller list for nine weeks when it was released in 1973. I read it as a child and enjoyed it, but I didn't realize as a 10-year-old that it was laden with ridiculous errors. Payne writes well, but entire chapters are completely fabricated, thus making the book worthless. A salient example is chapter 6 where Hitler makes a year-long visit to Liverpool to visit his brother. This is the most embarrassing idiocy to ever appear in a Hitler biography (and there's loads of competition for this dubious distinction).<br />Hitler was never in England, as his apartment records clearly show from Vienna. Payne relies upon discredited sources again and again, such as William Patrick Hitler and Kurt Krueger, invented Hitler psychiatrist.<br />The book is good for a few laughs, nothing more. It's aged dreadfully and its errors become more ludicrous as the years past. If you want a solid, reliable and definitive biography of Hitler, consult John Toland's 1977 masterpiece.
Heston doesn't write especially well, so expect no fireworks among the pages. However, he has presented an accurate and clinical history of Hitler's health. The most interesting portions relate to Dr. Theo Morell, who became Hitler's personal physician in 1935. Morell was a hygenically-challenged mess whom all in the Hitler inner circle despised. Eva Braun said she would not allow &quot;that pig&quot; to get near her. Still, Morell exerted considerable influence over Hitler, who became physically dependent on the array of drugs Morell injected into him. By 1942, Hitler's physical decline was alarming, and Morell was dousing him with uppers to get up in the morning and downers to allow him sleep.<br />The &quot;raving lunatic&quot; side of Hitler, always depicted in motion pictures, is a myth. He was nothing like the movie Hitlers, as this book eloquently shows. He was, however, hopelessly addicted to amphetimines and barbituates for many years prior to his 1945 death. Though dry reading, it still will hold your interest.
The original German-language version of Hitler's Table Talk is a truly outstanding book. There are extremely rare photos of Hitler, his various girlfriends, and many hitherto unpublished drawings made by Hitler. The editing is outstanding.<br />Henry Picker was a young German officer who knew stenography and took down Hitler's Table Talk for a period of four years during World War II. This book was first published in 1951 and has enjoyed many reprints in the intervening years. This edition is by far the best because of the revealing footnotes which leads the reader to other sources.<br />Though Hitler is invariably portrayed as a raving madman in American &quot;docudramas,&quot; he could also be a thoroughly charming and intensely charismatic private companion in his off hours. A man capable of seducing 65 million Germans and of his monumental crimes, had to possess an elemental force both inexplicable and fascinating. This book provides some clues to Hitler's personality, though in fairness, his mesmerizing mystique had been dulled by drugs and megalomania by 1941. He was surrounded by sycophants, but there were some perceptive and intelligent people in his milieu, most notably Joseph Goebbels. Hitler's secretaries were also articulate and intelligent ladies. However, his chauffeurs and other aides, such as Linge and Schaub, were hardly junior Einstein's.<br />Hitler's monologues are faithfully presented here and he emerges as a genius in certain areas (his knowledge of architecture and art was encyclopedic), and as a sexist boor in other realms. His believed himself to be omniscient and believed further that he was a messiah selected by Providence to save the German nation. Anyone harboring such delusions is bound to sound arrogant and insufferable on occasion.<br />This is a must have book for anyone interested in Hitler, his entourage, or his paralyzing effect upon other people. It's chilling that Hitler casually discussed trivialities while Europe was being torn asunder because of one man's twisted ideology. If you read German, I can't recommend it highly enough.n asunder because of one man's twisted ideology. If you read German, I can't recommend it highly enough.
The only reason people will buy this book is because they hope for some personal insight into the mind of Hitler. Forget it, this is a numbingly boring book, an exercise in ego gratification for the author. She lived across the street from Hitler's Munich apartment, at 16 Prinzregentenplatz. She saw him at a distance a few times and then pads these pseudo-encounters to a ridiculous degree. I seriously wonder whether she actually saw Hitler at all, since her stories seem spurious in the extreme.<br /><br />The vast majority of the book has absolutely nothing to do with Hitler. She is packed off to Switzerland, immigrates to the USA, etc. ad nauseum. Who really cares? The book found a publisher because she claims to have met Hitler. At least, then, include some interesting stories about the man. There are none in this book. Extremely disappointing.
For people who haven't read much about Hitler, this will be an interesting book. Traudl Junge was one of his secretaries from 1942 until his death three years later. She never knew him as well as Schroeder, Wolf or Gerda Christian, his other secretaries, and this is because she arrived so late on the scene. Hitler had deteriorated physically and mentally by 1942, so she was never privy to the full range of his charisma; she saw him in the period of his marked decline.<br />For those who think Hitler behaved as &quot;movie Hitlers&quot; act, then you'll be shocked to see that in private, he was a charming, fatherly fellow, at least to his inner circle. Hitler's dark, maniacal side was reserved for Himmler, Bormann and others. Junge grew attached to Hitler and enjoyed his company, even the interminable nightly monologues.<br />This entire book was previously published in 1989 and was called &quot;Voices from the Bunker.&quot; Junge died in 2003 and this has been rushed out because of her recent demise. If you're well-versed in Hitler, there is nothing new here, Junge was interviewed exhaustively for years before her death. I was able to meet her, in Munich, twenty years ago, and she was a reserved, rather withdrawn woman, oppressed with guilt because she had served a mass murderer. I think anyone with an interest in Hitler will enjoy the book, but don't expect any new or revealing material.
I first bought this book in Braunau am Inn, Austria, in 1979. Immediately I recognized many of the paintings and drawings in here to be crude forgeries. Subsequent research has been published which proves many of the material here was forged by Konrad Kujau, later indicted for the Hitler Diaries hoax in 1983. For the record: all of the nude drawings of Geli and Eva are forgeries, all the paintings by &quot;Hitler&quot; post-1918 are forgeries and all the floral arrangement paintings are fakes. In addition, most of the paintings in the color section were done by Kujau.<br />So why am I giving this book 3 stars, instead of one? For several reasons. First, the book is beautifully produced, on thick, glossy paper and solid linen covers. And there are enough genuine Hitler paintings reproduced to make it worthwhile. Though flawed and loaded with forgeries, it's still a mandatory book for any serious Hitler collection. My favorite forgeries are the ridiculous &quot;deer&quot; paintings, which you'll see. There are absurd, yet passed off as genuine Hitler originals!
Phantom Ranch is one of great places in the United States and so little-known. Located at the bottom of the Grand Canyon, 9.2 miles from the South Rim, and 14 miles from the North Rim, it's accessible only by mule, water raft or foot. The Ranch consists of a charming cantina, where the best hiker's stew in the world is served, and small cabins clustered about. Thybony adequately describes the place, the food and the atmosphere. He does need to better warn potential visitors that getting reservations here is next to impossible. There is currently a 2.3 year wait, unless you're lucky enough to get a cancellation.<br />Hiking in the Grand Canyon has numbered among my most treasured experiences. Phantom Ranch will delight everyone who visits!
I am a hiker, so I looked at the book from a hiking perspective and found it excellent. It is by far the best hiking book I've seen that specifically addresses the unique rigors of being in the heat for lengthy periods. Johnson has a nice little ranking system for each journey, from ranges from one star for easy treks and 4 stars for the strenuous ones. I do think his ranking system is just a trifle soft. Some of the hikes that get 4 stars aren't really that difficult, nor do they have exceptional elevation gains. But this is a minor criticism.<br />The bext part of the book is the descriptions of how brutal heat can wither the human body. Johnson gives helpful tips on how to protect your skin, face and eyes from the ravaging effects of the sun. I once hiked 24 miles Rim to Rim in one day in the Grand Canyon without sun glasses and can attest how vicious an experience that was on the eyes. He also stresses that you'll need a minimum of one gallon of water, per person, per hour when you're in 100+ degree temperatures. Many scoff and say, &quot;That is too much water!&quot; Believe me, it isn't.<br />All in all, a good book and one which every desert hiker or desert fan should own.
Wow! This is a coffee table book that not only has sumptuous photographs, the accompanying text is equally enchanting. This is a book from which you can derive hours of satisfaction, either admiring the photos, or reading the various chapters. Napier describes some of the world's greatest walks/hikes and if you're a vicarious armchair traveler, this might entice you to actually get on a plane, lace up your boots and get going!<br />Rarely have I enjoyed a coffee table book this much, it's very well done, well written and a joy throughout. Highly recommended!
This is a weak hiking guide on all fronts. Glacier is one of the most stunningly gorgeous places in North America, but you'd never know it from this book. The black and white photographs are indifferent, at best, and the driving descriptions to each trailhead leave much to be desired. I know your national thought is, \\"How can I get lost in a National Park?\\" Well, you can get lost using the driving routes contained in this book. There are few warnings about the perils of encountering a grizzly on the trail (I know, I've had this happen to me at Glacier). The author suggests carrying pepper spray, but against a 2,000 pound animal, that won't do the trick.<br />Glacier deserves better than this rather boring and amemic effort.
If you're just getting into hiking, are not in excellent shape and have a little trepidation about venturing into the &quot;wilderness,&quot; then I highly recommend this book. It has good descriptions of each trail and driving tips to the particulae trailhead. It also gives essential basic information about hiking gear, equipment and style that novices will need.<br />However, if you're an experienced hiker, this is not your book. Opt for the John Robinson guides, because the treks here are not strenuous. It's inconceivable that any guide purporting to be about Southern California omits the three greatest hikes of the region: Mount Baldy, San Gorgonio and San Jacinto. But again, this book is for beginners and it goes a good job for them. I just don't want someone looking for long, strenuous hikes being disappointed with this purpose. Happy hiking to all!
I own about 30 hiking guides and this book is the one I use the most often and consult before any hike. John Robinson is one of the gurus of Southern California hiking and his guides are usually dependable, accurate and full of information that will ensure your safety while in the mountains. He provides an adequate history of each hike, driving directions and fairly precise descriptions of where to locate each trailhead. It's important to note that some of his information is outdated; for example, you always must display your Forest Adventure Pass when parking your car in a California National Forest. Robinson doesn't mention this because his guide was written before the Pass became &quot;essential.&quot;<br />Another strength of this book is that Robinson usually provides separate descriptions of various ways to summit a peak. He details the standard way of climbing San Gorgonio, as well as three alternate treks to the peak and this is a valuable tool for the experienced hiker. He does the same for San Jacinto, perhaps the premiere hike in Southern California (as well as the most arduous!) The guide is tailored towards seasoned hikers and if you're a neophyte, this probably wouldn't be your best choice. But if you love to hike and live in the L.A. area, the Robinson guide provides indispensible information. Highly recommended.
This is a magnificent look at Andrew Jackson's war with the Native Americans. So many biographers bury their subject and forget that most readers what to know who their subject *was*, not merely what they *did.* Remini doesn't fall into this trap. He gives the reader a well-grounded and detailed look at Andrew Jackson as a man: his foibles, passions and prejudices, as well as his extreme ambition and vacillating brilliance.<br />Remini strikes a beautiful balance when examining Jackson's private life and military/political life. His examination of the Trail of Tears is absolutely riveting, and he weaves Jackson in and out of the narrative with rare poise and skill. The reader can actually picture Jackson in the midst of this conflict, feel his emotions and understand the decisions he made. When a biographer can paint such a vivid picture, the reader will always be rewarded.<br />This is an excellent book for the entire spectrum of people interested in Jackson. Whether you are a neophyte or an established Jacksonian historian, there is much to enjoy, as well as new material. The footnotes and bibliography are excellent resources and lead to additional sources for the reader. The minute I finished this, I bought the second volume, &quot;Andrew Jackson: The Course of American Freedom, 1822-1832,&quot; also available here. This volume is truly an outstanding book
This is part four of a four-volume series of George Washington's life and this final installment is the strongest book of all. Flexner's narrative takes the reader up to Washington's last breath and his description of his death is particularly interesting. Despite the fact that there is a plethora of interesting material on Washington's ilness and death, this book brings out facts hitherto unknown. It is  reliable and accurate, but one sometimes yearns for a more enlightened and exciting presentation of the earlier years. This is the personification of how history is usually taught: in a manner not designed to capture the reader or the student.<br />One strong point is that Flexner successfully presents a balanced portrait of Washington. Any bias from the author is thankfully masked from the reader. When Washington deserves criticism or censure, the author soberly dispenses it. Praise and plaudits are similarly given. If you are deeply interested in Washington's early years, this is an adequate and trustworthy source. But if you are merely dabbling in Washington and prefer a swifter narrative, then this is not a recommended selection.
Lewis and Clark's descriptions of their epic overland journey is a deserved American classic. So many students must memorize the Gettysburg Address or the Preamble of the Constitution, but too few are ever introduced to this magnificent trilogy, told in Lewis and Clark's own words. They were the first white men to lay eyes on the interior sections of the Unites States, when the land was unspoiled, unpolluted and obviously quite spectacular. In great detail, they relate their indescribable amazement to see giant Sequoia trees, grizzly bears and endless miles of barren desert.<br />Lewis and Clark's experiences are the stuff of legend, but the question that begs to be answered is: could they write? The answer is a resounding yes! The narrative flows smoothly, the descriptions of the animals and landscape come alive with their vivid use of language and metaphor. Perhaps the most vivid sections of the book revolve around their numerous encounters with Native Americans. This book should be required reading for anyone with an history in the history and exploration of the United States.
Arizona is a great state to hike. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Grand Canyon, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! It is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a color map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. I enthusiastically recommend this gem!
Davis has completed five books in his intended definitive biography of Franklin Roosevelt. This book is superbly researched and factual, but it isn't as interesting as other books on FDR by Ward or Freidel. Davis bogs down in trivial and irritating detail, which is peculiar, since the early Hyde Park years are among the most engrossing of Roosevelt's life. Davis is best when he examines FDR's relationship with his mother and father, but he spend *way* too much time examining the boring rich-pony set of Duchess County.<br />Davis is weaker on forging memorable portraits of the intimate personal relationships in FDR's life. besides his parents. He doesn't really explore the loneliness Roosevelt felt at Groton and Harvard. There is a singular lack of understanding of Eleanor Roosevelt in this volume, nor is there much said about Roosevelt's children, his secretary Missy LeHand or other pivotal members of the FDR milieu. Davis does explore in interesting depth the effect of Howe's relationship with FDR.<br />Roosevelt was a mercurial and difficult to understand character. His charismatic public facade masked some inner demons and foibles, which Davis painstakingly illuminates. This is an interesting, though ultimately, flawed effort.
Living in California, I don't get a chance to hike in New Hampshire as often as I would like. But when I do, I always take this lightweight guide along in my car and in the pack. The best part about the guide is that hikes are described in detail and directions to each trailhead are given in exhaustive detail. This is especially important for out-of-towners who aren't familiar with the back country roads. The authors have hiked each of the trails and they offer pithy comments on trail conditions, the possibility of seeing wildlife and other pertinent information.<br />There is a separate section on the magnificent Cosos Trail, the 200+ mile hike which runs from the border  of NH to he Canadian border. My one slight criticism is the maps, which could be of better quality, but the text, route descriptions and ancillary material are of high quality.  The descriptions of day hikes around Pinkham Notch are excellent!
I have thru hiked the Muir Trail from north to south and found this book informative and containing some useful information. However, much of the info is of the common sense variety and could also easily be gleaned from the Internet. There is superfluous information on bear canisters, marmots and other hazards that any semi-experience hiker/backpacker would already know. The book is not marketed as being geared towards novices, but there's no doubt it would benefit a beginner and be less beneficial to a seasoned backpacker.<br />There are route descriptions of each facet of the trail, such as explaining the drop off points, elevation gains and topography of Thousand Island Lake in Mammoth to Tuolumne Meadows in Yosemite. You could do a thru hike without this guide, but if you're the least bit apprehensive, then this would ease your worries.
Greenberg is a good chronicler of events and few occasions in Nixon's life, however incidental, is missed here. The book is long on details relating to the professional side of Nixon, but I was disappointed that there was a lack of personal anecdote within the covers of the book. Of course RN was an inscrutable, moody, paranoid and ultimately unknowable man, but I would have liked more material on Pat Nixon, as well as Tricia and Julie. Greenberg quotes copiously of Nixon's own self-serving memoirs but doesn't include much primary source material on Nixon as a human being.<br />The strong points are the chapters on Watergate and the gradual demise and destruction of RN as President. The ancillary characters of Watergate all get their just due: Halderman, Ehrlichman, Mitchell and Dean are described in sometimes sympathetic but occasionally, brutal detail. Reeves shows masterfully that Nixon dissembled and lied to the bitter end, not to the American people, but most disturbingly, to himself. It's well-written and full of detail, just don't expect much on Nixon the man. Otherwise, an enthusiastic thumbs up.
This is a surprisingly effective and well-organized guide, with some interesting maps and information. If you're planning on spending just a few days in Vienna, then this compact little book will be indispensible in locating the famous streets and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the public transportation in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the churches of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest food, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Vienna or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is solely intended for the casual tourist and there is little, if any, information on the intriguing environs of the city. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. Still, this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Vienna, enjoy one of the greatest cities in Europe and be sure to tuck away Brook's guide,
I enjoy all of the Schaffer books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on the PCT, and the descriptions of each part of the trail are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions (I mean this for section or day hikers of the PCT). Schaffer never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the sections of the trail, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Schaffer also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be mainly for thru-hikers of the PCT, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the entire PCT, Schaffer describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
This is a fun and humorous guide, but only if you are absolutely new to running. If you've been hitting the pavement for more than a few months and are running 20 miles a week or more, this is not the book for you. Everything in here is extremely basic, common sense and would only be instructive to people who have never owned a pair of New Balances. However, if you want to run a marathon and are a world class coach potato, this is your book! It will take you step-by-step through the intricate maze of buying shoes, stretching, when to run, how much and how often to run, how to lose weight and keep it off, and how to get into the type of shape necessary to run 26.2 miles.<br />I recommend this book for all running newbies who think they have the stuff to run a marathon. Anyone can do it as long as you have prepared properly, have the right mental attitude and really want it. I've run many marathons and even the bad ones become wonderful memories after the fact. So lace up those Nikes and let's go!
I've traveled all over the world and the most beautiful natural setting I've seen is Santa Barbara. The ocean, the mountains, the vegetation, flowers and incomparable climate make this a unique paradise. Hiking here is a sublime experience and its possible to do it year-round since the temperatures rarely dip below 50 degrees. If you're a dedicated hiker and have missed Santa Barbara, please try and remedy this. You'll spend some of the best hours of your life hiking in this incredible place.<br />This book is one of the best hiking guides I've found for the Santa Barbara area. If you're a beginner, there are plenty of short treks for you, mostly clustered around the beach or city. There are also a dozen moderate hikes and quite a few trail descriptions for streunous jaunts, all of these in the mountain areas. The descriptions of each trail is quite good and the driving desriptions to the trailheads is adequate (I haven't gotten lost yet from following their directions). I recommend this guide for everyone fortunate to hike in this beautiful locale.
I've run many sub-four hour marathons and only discovered this book after the fact. I wish I'd had it while training for all those races, it might have helped. There's nothing fancy in here, and nothing you wouldn't find in various back issues of Runners World magazine. The standard, unvarying formular for running a marathon in under four hours is simple: run 20 miles a week for several months, then gradually increase your mileage to 40-50 miles a week. Start throwing in longer and longer runs one day of the week until you can run 20 miles at a stretch. Do this for 1 month, then taper off and run your marathon. I'm a firm believer in running 20 miles at least 3 times before marathon day.<br />I know... many have done marathons on less training, but I've run enough of them to know that many people suffer (and I mean *really suffer.*) The whole point of running a marathon is not to just survive it, but to hae fun doing it and finish tired, but not completely done in. If you train adequately, you can, and will, finish a marathon and it probably won't be your last. Few things in life offer such satisfaction and sense of accomplishment.<br />One final word: the chapter on treadmill running was inadequate. Don't be put off by treadmill running, it replicates road running well enough if you put the treadmill at an incline of 3-4 percent. Good luck and happy running!
I'm a fan of Robert Stone's guides because they are concise, well-written and give great driving descriptions to the trailheads. This is another fine hiking guide, though the treks do tend to favor the beginning hiker. There are few strenuous jaunts listed here, so if you're an experiencer hiker looking for some challenges, either hike someplace else or choose another guide. San Luis Obispo offers some stunning vistas, both mountain and ocean variety. This is the best guide for this areas and its environs, a first-class guide to a magnificent area.
This is a well-organized and nicely written hiking guide and would be great for beginning hikers. However, if you're experienced and want some strenuous, long treks, this is definitely not the best guide for you. I was looking for some serious high mileage hikes in the mountains, but all of the trips described here are not hikes at all, they are walks. Incredibly, the author includes many little city strolls on pavement, and several one mile jaunts on the beach. Now I love Santa Barbara as much as anyone, and strolling on State Street and the beaches is fantastic. But that is simply not hiking and I was very disappointed to see these included in what is marketed as a hiking book.<br />If you're a beginning hiker or have children, or just aren't up to 20 mile hikes, this is a nifty little book, and perfectly adequate for your needs. But if you want a serious workout, you'd best look for another guide. There's nothing longer than a 7 mile \\"hike\\" with minimal elevation gain. I'm not knocking the book for novices, but if you're not a beginner, this is not recommended.
In the 1970's, at the height of the Hitler boom, Glenn Infield had a cottage industry. He produced numerous books on Hitler and Eva Braun, made a ton of money and then thankfully, disappeared from the face of the earth. I say &quot;thankfully&quot; because Infield never was bothered to get his facts straight. He was (in)famous for making up interviews with long-lost Hitler associates, and even inventing people if it suited him. He even claimed to have interviewed Unity Mitford in 1976; the only problem was that she had been dead for 35 years. Oh well, Infield never was one to allow the facts to get in the way of telling a juicy story.<br />So the text is inaccurate, shoddy and unintentionally funny. He claims Hitler necked on the sofa with a British woman at Bayreuth in 1935, never mind that the woman herself later admitted she'd never even met the Fuehrer or Glenn Infield, for that matter, who claimed to have interviewed her. I could go on and on, but let's just say the book is mostly fiction. The photographs, however, are exceptional. There are actually some rare gems in here, though, as usual, Infiel misidentifies dozens of them. There are at least twenty photos of Gretl Braun (Eva's sister), that are identified as Eva. Infield even has a photo of Max Amann that he says is Heinrich Himmler. Sigh.<br />To sum up, if you want some unusual and rare photos of Hitler and Eva, there are in the book. Forget the accuracy of the words, however.
I agree that this map is overpriced, but if you spend much time hiking in Yosemite, it's invaluable. This is especially true if you hike in Tuloumne Meadows and the High Country, the map is especially strong in this area. The map itself is quite out of scale and is by no means a topographical study; it's more intended to give the hiker a broad panorama of the areas they trek across.<br />Many times a year I hike from Cathedral Lakes in the High Country to Happy Isles trailhead, on the Valley floor. It's a 22 miles day hike and it's awesome. Never before did I realize the scope of the hike until I followed it on this map. You really will use it repeatedly. It's printed on high quality, glossy paper which withstands moisture, water spillage and general wear and tear. I've carried it in my pack on the John Muir Trail and it withstands most any punishment.<br />The artwork is beautiful as well. What is eight bucks in the scheme of things? I spend every weekend in the summer at Yosemite and I can't recommend this highly enough, especially for you Tuloumne Meadows fans. Enjoy!
This is an interesting and well written book, but a few cautionary notes are in order. The book is severely outdated, especially regarding parking and locating trailheads. The South Kaibab can no longer be driven to, you must take a shuttle bus. This is integral information for the casual tourist or the serious hiker.<br />In addition, the title of the book is a little misleading. If you visit in the summer, there really are no easy hikes within the park. This is because of the extreme heat on the south rim and the unusually dry conditions that prevail there. I've hiked in the canyon for 25 years, including many rim to rim hikes, and anyone who underestimates the canyon will probably end up humbled, at the very least.<br />This is a good book for couch potatoes who want to experience the Grand Canyon but aren't interested in strenuous or long treks. Just be wary of the parking info contained within, it is outdated.
This is a breezy photobiography of Grant and it's interesting because the text and the photos are well-rounded and give a good overview of Grant's life. The quality of the photos is far above average, and the actual text flows together nicely. This would be an excellent introduction to the general, or suitable for pre-teens who have an interest in history. While the book wouldn't hold interest for more advanced Grantphiles, its target audience would probably enjoy it.
Run, do not walk, away from this book. A massive joke in the Grant community, no one with a shred of common sense or historical sensibility would endorse this dreadful biography. The author, William E. Woodward, was an avowed racist, who openly states in the book that &quot;slavery was a good thing.&quot; He understood next to nothing about his subject and when in doubt, simply makes up entire incidents to suit his warped fantasies. Grant had a famously happy and passionate marriage. This doesn't fit into Woodward's scheme of things, so the hapless cretin claimed Grant was &quot;incapable of love or devotion.&quot; Had Woodward bothered to read Grant's many love letters to his wife, he wouldn't have written such inanity.<br />It would be impossible to count the errors in this masterpiece of banality, they appear on nearly every page, ultimately rendering the book a hideous malady. It was written 70 years ago, it is beyond out-dated, it is a pitiful, pathetic and truly wretched book. It's only usefulness might be to stoke the fire in your hearth. The apex of awful, that is &quot;Meet General Grant.&quot;
Grant's Presidency has undergone significant revisionism in the past several years. Hesseltine's book was published in 1937, when Grant's reputation was at a low ebb. In addition, Hesseltine was morbidly anti-Grant and produced a book of extraordinary one-sidedess regarding USG's time in the White House. One can only wonder why this book has been republished, considering it is grossly out of date. It is also full of condescending, insulting and inaccurate characterizations of Grant, and plodding in the extreme. It's one of the more famously badly written books on Grant and is the subject of much ridicule by those unfortunate enough to have read it.<br />Here's an example of Hesseltine's literary style: \\"Ulysses S. Grant was a loser. Even dogs didn't like him.\\" Hello, Hesseltine: Grant won the civil war, so much for your \\"loser\\" tag.<br />The one bright spot is that Hesseltine does include a chapter on Grant's personality and private life. This is a surprisingly accurate and refreshing look at Grant. Hesseltine throws considerable light on Grant as a human being and the results are pleasing. This one chapter, however, does not rescue the remainder of the book. The rest of the it is snide and quite mind-numbingly boring. Avoid this tripe at all hazards.
This is a decidedly mixed bag, but worth a purchase if you're interested in Ulysses Grant. Published in 1966, Frost's book remains, sadly, the best book of Grant photos. I say &quot;sadly&quot; because there are a wealth of fabulous images not inside this book. Frost also mis-dates dozens of photos and even has the nerve to include two photographs which aren't even of Grant, and identifies the unknown man as Grant. Give me a break.<br />The text is incidental, not especially interesting, and contains factual gaffes of some magnitude. For a beginner, this is a good introduction, but be wary of the dates assigned to each photo. And be especially aware that the fat man in the bankers suit is not Ulysses Grant, even though Frost claims he is.<br />God knows when a decent book of Grant photographs will come down the pike. I've been holding my breath for 35 years for this eventuality and still see nothing on the horizon. One of these days, let's hope...
I came to this book with fairly low expectations, but I was bowled over by the information and the well-written style. This reads like a fictional thriller, yet every story is true.  I think if you enjoy the Grand Canyon, you'll love this book!<br />I visit the Grand Canyon several times a year to do rim-to-rim-to-rim hikes in successive days. That's 48 miles and 12,000 verticial feet elevation gain, so it's a brute. Being on the trail for 10 hours in one day lets me see hundreds of people on the Kaibab and Bright Angel Trails. It never ceases to amaze me to see the amount of unbelievably unprepared people trying to hike in this grandest of canyons.<br />When you hike in the Grand Canyon, you cross six distinct climactic zones. You have to have a lot of physical and mental endurance to truly appreciate the wonders of the canyon. It can kill you if you don't, please heed the warnings here and on the signs in the canyon itself! So many people venture down on a lark in high heels. They suffer on the way back up. Don't let this happen to you.<br />This book is simply superb, each chapter is divded up into various dangers, whether white-water rafting, hiking, and especially, the heat.  If you're looking forward to a Grand Canyon adventure, you won't find a better book. I've read it twice because it's just riveting. Enjoy!
Most people who know nothing about Ulysses Grant always ask,  \\"Wasn't he a drunkard?\\" The rivers of alcohol, real and imagined, flow from his time in California and the Oregon territory, 1852-54. This book explores the rumors of Grant's drinking and his life while on the west coast. Ellington is not a spectacular writer, and his style is a little dry, but the content of the book is interesting and accurate. Grant's much-adored wife, Julia, was pregnant when he was ordered to the coast and she couldn't accompany him. His loneliness for her and his sons was responsible for much of his descent into drinking.<br />If you have an interest in Grant's life before the civil war, this is a sober and reflective work. Don't expect many fireworks in the writing department, but it's still an interesting read.
Bruce Catton is arguably the most readable and accessible author who wrote about the civil war. Whether you are a military historian or a beginner, you will take something meaningful from his work. He writes in a beautiful, yet simple, manner and you really feel as if you are there. When he narrates Lee's surrender to Grant at Appomattox, it's as if you are sitting in the room during this pivotal moment in American history.<br />Catton is certainly not without his biases. He is primarily a biographer of Grant and his focus is squarely on him during this book. Catton is arguably the greatest Grant biographer and is largely responsible for changing the negative views about Grant in the 1950's and 60's. He wrote several books about USG and this one weaves in and out of Grants life.<br />Catton thoroughly understood Ulysses Grant and became his vocal proponent. He correctly grasped that Grant was the preeminent strategist of the civil war and was also the war's greatest, most innovative and most determined general. Those who errantly believe Grant won with brute force or superior numbers need to read this book. Others who espouse the line that Robert E. Lee was the real genius of the war also need to consult this volume. At its conclusion, you will change your mind and realize that Grant was not only a magnificent soldier, he was also a highly intelligent, humorous and marvelously humane man. He has been unfairly maligned and Catton sets the record straight.<br />This is a \\"must have\\" book for anyone interested in U.S. Grant or the American civil war. The narrative flows smoothly from beginning to end. Highly recommended!
This is another masterful book in the series of the Papers of Ulysses S. Grant. Covering a privotal period of his Presidency, the book reprints all of Grant's letters of the time, as well as responses and memoranda directed to him.<br />&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-six volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of the series (by John Y. Simon), is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot; or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon, these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man. My highest recommendation goes to these volumes.
This is another masterful book in the series of the Papers of Ulysses S. Grant. Covering a privotal period of his Presidency, the book reprints all of Grant's letters of the time, as well as responses and memoranda directed to him.<br />&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-six volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of the series (by John Y. Simon), is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot; or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon, these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man. My highest recommendation goes to these volumes.
This is a surprisingly effective and well-organized guide, with some interesting photos. If you're planning on spending just a few days in Budapest, then this compact little book will be indispensible in locating the famous streets and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the public transportation in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the churches of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest food, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Budapest or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is solely intended for the casual tourist and there is little, if any, information on the intriguing environs of the city. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. Still, this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Budapest, enjoy one of the greatest cities in Europe and be sure to tuck away Olszanski's guide.
This is a book of extremes, of stunning goodness and great disappointment. First, the bad news. This is touted as an album of Ulysses Grant photographs. It is marketed as such and sold with this inherent promise. It is with stunned surprise to report that there are exactly twelve photographs of Grant within this book. Yes, I counted them: twelve actual photos. There are some additional etchings, all of inferior quality and the photos themselves are not rare. In fact, every photo of Grant is insultingly common, known by even the most peripheral of civil war buffs.<br />So, if you're expecting a book of Grant photos or are hoping to find a rare chestnut buried within, forget it. You'll have to stick with the 1966 book of Grant photos by Lawrence Frost, which (sadly) remains the best book of Grant photos and that's a sorry testament.<br />Now, for the good news. Whereas many Grant fans decry and defame McFeely for his supposedly \\"anti-Grant\\" 1981 biography, I have always loved his ability as a writer and his way of presenting material. Is he opinionated? You bet, but therein lies much of his charm. He contributes seven essays in the book and several of them are absolutely brilliant. This is no rehash of his 1981 biography of Grant, most of it is fresh prose, more personal, introspective and chatty. No matter if you object to McFeely's viewpoints on Grant, it's hard to deny his authentic and natural ability to write about Grant with sincere depth of emotion and an astonishing grasp of what made him tick.<br />McFeely's chapter on Julia and Ulysses Grant's marriage is the best material ever written about this couple. Undoubtedly this is the definitive examination of their intense relationship. He is one of the few historians who has completely understood her role in Grant's life. Some reviewers have objected that he describes Grant's wife as \\"silly\\" several times, but even Grant himself would have admitted it. The general's stalwarts objected to what they called McFeely's \\"Freudian\\" interpretations on Grant's private life in previous writings. McFeely will send them running for their smelling salts with this new offering on the Grant marriage: \\"Over the years of thinking about the two Grants, I have come to realize that their sexual life together was the chief source of their mutual strength.\\" One wishes other Grant biographers would follow McFeely's example and shoot from the hip with such accuracy.<br />His essay on Grant's memoirs is derivative of much of what he wrote in 1981, but it remains some of the best words about a great book. His chapter on slavery, which opens the book, is probably the weakest section of the book. One might question whether slavery deserves such a lengthy treatment in a book supposedly devoted to Grant photographs.<br />To sum up, the photographs are lousy and common, but McFeely's essays are some of the best writing about Grant which you'll ever read. This book wouldn't be especially good for a novice, but if you've steeped in the magic of this man, you'll like the essays. If only they had dredged up 100 more decent photos, this would be an amazing book... but if wishes were horses, beggars would ride.s \\"Freudian\\" interpretations on Grant's private life in previous writings. McFeely will send them running for their smelling salts with this new offering on the Grant marriage: \\"Over the years of thinking about the two Grants, I have come to realize that their sexual life together was the chief source of their mutual strength.\\" One wishes other Grant biographers would follow McFeely's example and shoot from the hip with such accuracy.<br />His essay on Grant's memoirs is derivative of much of what he wrote in 1981, but it remains some of the best words about a great book. His chapter on slavery, which opens the book, is probably the weakest section of the book. One might question whether slavery deserves such a lengthy treatment in a book supposedly devoted to Grant photographs.<br />To sum up, the photographs are lousy and common, but McFeely's essays are some of the best writing about Grant which you'll ever read. This book wouldn't be especially good for a novice, but if you've steeped in the magic of this man, you'll like the essays. If only they had dredged up 100 more decent photos, this would be an amazing book... but if wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
This book is an interesting, reasonable treatment of General Grant's last days. There are few factual errors, though the author is critically hampered by no footnotes and few documented sources for his various theories. Despite these flaws, Goldhurst writes well and understands Grant's enigmatic character. There's no doubt he admires and respects the General's race with death to complete his memoirs. Actually, the best parts of the book are those dealing with Grant's last days. You will learn of Grant's physical agony brought on by throat cancer, and his valiant attempts to complete his memoirs before death.<br />Another interesting aspect is that Goldhurst fleshes out Mark Twain very well, a \\"Grant intoxicated man,\\" as he aptly points out. For Twainophiles, this is an added bonus. There are superior books relating to Grant's waning year, but this is the most breezy, conventional and engrossing of them all. Recommended.
Let's make reference to the review printed below, which slams this book and claims it is baseless nonsense. Actually this book is readable, generally accurate and can introduce Grant and Lee to the broad range of people who know nothing about either of them. Is this historical biography of the highest realm? Hardly, but it lays no claim to that mantle. Instead, it's an entertaining book which does not slam Julia Grant, USG's wife, in the slightest. In fact, the book extols her support of her husband and focuses a great deal of attention on Grant's famously happy marriage. The sections on Lee are inferior to the chapters on Grant, but adequate. The format is rather crippling, as the authors seesaw between the two titans. One wonders why they didn't concentrate their forces on one instead of two?<br />Finally, the website mentioned by the previous reviewer is mine. As for the \\"completely fictional\\" notion that Julia suspected USG of being enamored of other women while on the West Coast, the reviewer  needs to consult some other works on Grant before making this absurd claim. Read Grant's letters from the period before attacking the Andersons for presenting facts. Did Grant cheat while separated from his wife? Never. Did she worry about it? You betcha, and that's what this book presents. Case closed.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. In fact, there is even a nifty fold-out map sewn into the rear pocket so you can tote it along on any of your journeys. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
I purchased the recently updated version of Shaffer's book, but having recently hiked in the Big Sur area, I can confirm the book is still riddled with basic mistakes. These mistakes aren't of a rudimenary nature, but significant misstatements of fact, such as where to locate a trailhead, how far each hike is and where to park your vehicle. On several hikes, Schaffer describes a &quot;locked gate&quot; which hikers must traverse... oops, sorry... there is no gate there anymore and no access for hikers. This can be extremely frustrating to plan a morning hike and rely upon this guide, only to be misled and have the hike aborted before it even begins.<br />In addition, the book is organized in an extremely frustrating manner. Distances are given, but no elevation gains or indication of whether the trek will be easy, moderate or strenuous. This is an inexcusable omission. The only reason to buy this guide is because good hiking books on the Big Sur region are few and far between. I use Schaffer because it's the only guide out there, but it has many serious deficiencies. Know this before you purchase it and don't expect a stellar guide. Also be aware of the errors in trailhead directions and outdated material.
This is a poor entry into the Appalachian Trail community library of books. Setzer knows little, if anything, about hiking or thru hiking in particular. The glaring weaknesses show, all too plainly. If you're planning on lacing up and hitting the trail, I don't recommend you buy this book. Walking from Springer Mountain to Katahdin is a joyous, painful, exhilerating and life-changing experience. Setzer never did it and doesn't beging to comprehend what it all entails. The hubris is notable, the writing ability almost nil. Mueser's book remains the best AT thru hikers guide.<br />--------David, AT thru hiker, 1997
I have hiked the entire Appalachian Trail, though in sections, over 3 years, so I do know something about the experience. This book was a crashing bore and I trust most of you would agree with me. Setzer writes with an amateurish, torturous manner which befits a schoolboy and not a published author. He knows little, if anything, about the AT because he never hiked it himself. He interviewed people who did and writes of their experiences with a detatched air which ultimately infuriates and insults the reader. Consult Coplin's &quot;Wild Bird Song&quot; for a truly inspiring read. This is dismal droning.
I have read countless hiking books but never have I encountered a preface like this book. Authors Spring and Manning spend many pages going into a diatribe about how the Forest Service has ruined many Washington trails and how ATV's and encroachment has destroyed much of the pristine beauty of the state. I agree with their comments wholeheartedly, but wonder if such \\"strident\\" opinions (to some people) are really suitable in a hiking guide. For me, the political opinions were not a distraction, but I want to mention them in case you are expecting simply a typical guidebook with no ancillary commentary.<br />Now, to the book itself. Washington is a magnificent and beautiful state to hike. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Seattle, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! It is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a brief map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive. There are also black and white photos of each trail, with two color sections.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. From desert to mountains, Washington has it all. I enthusiastically recommend this gem with the small warning about the authors injecting personal opinions about the Forest Service.this gem with the small warning about the authors injecting personal opinions about the Forest Service.
Most people are drawn to Huntington because of the magnificent gardens in California, or they themselves are avowed bibliophiles. If you revere books and are a book lover, then Henry Huntington is someone to admire and respect. His book collection is one of the premiere collections in the world, especially his concentration of incunabula. Huntington's mammoth collection is stored in the incomparable Huntington Gardens in San Marino, California - one of the most lovely places on earth. The permanent exhibitions include a first edition of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales and numerous Shakespearian folios. Huntington's massive collection of autographs is also on display.<br />The story of how Huntington amassed these priceless treasures is fascinating: the amount of zeal and money he poured into this endeavor makes for a world class story. Unfortunately, this book doesn't focus enough on this aspect of his life. The narrative becomes slow, plodding and ultimately tedious. One wishes that Thorpe would have concentrated more completely on Huntington's mania for book collecting, a passion to be envied for those of us not blessed with being multi-millionaires. Instead he veers off into areas not particularly interesting, though his history of early 20th century California is exceptional.<br />Huntington's story is not one full of scintillating orgies, nor was he a riveting personal character, like Hearst. But this book paints a rather dour, boring picture of one of the greatest American collectors.
Waite's book is (amazingly) still in print after a quarter century. It's sobering to think so many people put credence in his ridiculous Freudian notions. There is nothing revelatory in this book and the errors are predictable and redundant. Putting Hitler on the couch is nothing new, Walter Langer and the OSS produced the first psychological profile of Hitler in 1943. It is still in print and available on Amazon and is much superior to this effort.<br />The main problem is that Hitler is dead and putting him through psychoanalysis is problematic, to say the least. I have an innate distrust of non-Germans (or non-German speakers) writing biographies of Hitler, so Waite has a leg up in this department since he does speak and read german. The vast majority of Hitlerian documents have never been translated and a non-German speaker tackles the project with a severe disadvantage. But does Waite use his innate advantage? No, he relies on discredited information, outdated sources and throws in some psychological treatises of his own, which lack credibility.<br />Hitler was an extraordinarily complex, complicated personality and the vast majority of historians have missed the mark in interpreting him or understanding him. Waite utterly misses the mark in explaining Hitler's relationships with women. He was hardly a sexual pervert and maintained a monogamous, though neurotic, relationship with Eva Braun for the last thirteen years of his life. The stories in this book of his \\"perversions\\" are stale and the product of propaganda from WWII.<br />If you want a steady, readable and reliable biography of Hitler, I urge you to consult John Toland's masterful 1976 book. Nothing has surpassed it in the 25 years since its publication.
This is the second book in Remini's trilogy and it's an extremely detailed, well-researched book. So many biographers bury their subject and forget that most readers what to know who their subject *was*, not merely what they *did.* Remini doesn't fall into this trap. He gives the reader a well-grounded and detailed look at Andrew Jackson as a man: his foibles, passions and prejudices, as well as his extreme ambition and vacillating brilliance.<br />Remini strikes a beautiful balance when examining Jackson's private life and military/political life. His examination of Jackson's personal life is exceptional, and he weaves Jackson in and out of the narrative with rare poise and skill. The reader can actually picture Jackson in the midst of his political battles, feel his emotions and understand the decisions he made. When a biographer can paint such a vivid picture, the reader will always be rewarded.<br />This is an excellent book for the entire spectrum of people interested in Jackson. Whether you are a neophyte or an established Jacksonian historian, there is much to enjoy, as well as new material. The footnotes and bibliography are excellent resources and lead to additional sources for the reader. Highly recommended.
For all the novice hikers out there, this is your book! This is a fine guide if you have never hiked before in a National Park, or if you merely dabble occasionally in the sport. The maps are excellent, as are the trail descriptions, elevation gains and driving directions to the trail heads. Most of these hikes can easily be completed by even the most unfit hiker, children, or eldery people.<br />However, this is *not* the guide to purchase if you are a serious hiker. I was bemused to see that this book doesn't even contain the quintessential Yosemite hike, Half Dome. Nor does it contain the second-best hike in the park, the Four-and-a-half-mile-trail. In fact, none of the hikes profiled in this Guide are lengthier than a few miles and none would be considered even semi-strenuous. Heed this advice if you're a serious hiker and consult a different guide. But if you're just a casual weekend athlete, or have children in tow, this is a well-written and adequate book for your needs.
This is a great book for anyone who has actually thru hiked the AT, section hiked it, or is just a vicarious AT hiker. I read this book in one sitting over several hours. I simply couldn't put it down. I've read over thirty books on thru hiking the AT and this is one of the best accounts yet. Schuette himself is a thru hiker and his narrative of his own experiences is fascinating. It's truly a great exploration of what goes into the heart, mind, and body of this hiker who made the pilgrimage.<br />Schuette arranges the information neatly by chapter. There are sections on animals, bugs, food, physical preparation and other things necessary to know before embarking on the trail. The narrative flows by smoothly and I was sad as I approached the end of the book because it was so immensely enjoyable. I would recommend this book highly for everyone who dreams of hiking the AT or those have already completed the journey. This is a wonderful and interesting addition to your AT library.
This is an excellent, no nonsense hiking guide. it's the one I use the most often and consult before any hike. John Robinson is one of the gurus of Southern California hiking and his guides are usually dependable, accurate and full of information that will ensure your safety while in the mountains. He provides an adequate history of each hike, driving directions and fairly precise descriptions of where to locate each trailhead. It's important to note that some of his information is outdated; for example, you always must display your Forest Adventure Pass when parking your car in a California National Forest. Robinson doesn't mention this because his guide was written before the Pass became &quot;essential.&quot;<br />Another strength of this book is that Robinson usually provides separate descriptions of various ways to summit, as well as three alternate treks to the peak  and this is a valuable tool for the experienced hiker. He tells you how to get to mt. Wilson by the standard route and then the alternate routes. He does the same for San Jacinto, perhaps the premiere hike in Southern California (as well as the most arduous!) The guide is tailored towards seasoned hikers and if you're a neophyte, this probably wouldn't be your best choice. But if you love to hike and live in the L.A. area, the Robinson guide provides indispensible information. Highly recommended.
Remini writes well but can be a little dry in places, so be warned. He does spend adequate time reflecting upon JQA's prodigious intellect. It's a matter of debate who was our most intelligent President: Lincoln, Madison and Jefferson would certainly garner their share of votes. But John Quincy Adams warrants serious consideration: he was an intellectual titan with an astounding breadth of intellect. He was impossibly well-read, sober, amazingly articulate with a rapier-like ability to demolish opponents or defend his position. It's debatable whether he was, in fact, America's most brilliant President, but this book goes a long way in making that case.<br />Remini wisely delves into Adams' private side and quotes extensively from his own words. If you are looking for a glum recitation of Adams' political life, look elsewhere, this is a more human biography. There was a refreshing amount of material focusing on Adams' boyhood, and the chapters covering his Congressional years are especially interesting. His story reads like something from a novel: failed President transformed into one of the most influential Congressmen who ever serve in the House.<br />My only minor criticism is that Remini does not sufficiently explore or explain Adams' brilliant son, Henry, who grew up to be a caustic and clever chronicler of the late 10th century. Otherwise, this is a solid book, well-written, thoroughly researched and illuminating.
This is not an examination of Richard Nixon, it's a book about the author, Monica Crowley. I can't imagine anyone putting any credence in something which consists exclusively of lengthy quotes from Nixon, when Crowley admits she never used a tape recorder and relied on &quot;after the fact notes.&quot; Give me a break! No one has such a prodigious memory as to remain monologues that lasted over an hour and then claim to reproduce Nixon's thoughts verbatim. Yet Crowley miraculously pulls this off.<br />Richard Nixon was notoriously uncomfortable around women. He wasn't around women, he was distant to his own wife and no extra-marital affair has ever been documented. Yet we are supposed to believe that the aging Nixon would place extraordinary trust in a young woman, tell her his innermost secrets and spend vast amounts of time with her talking geo-politics? It's a wonder that fewer people have questioned the credibility of this account. Though the quotes all sound Nixonian in the extreme, a cynic would cry foul with this anemic effort.
New Mexico is a great state to hike. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Taos, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! It is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a color map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. From desert to mountains, New Mexico has it all. I enthusiastically recommend this gem!
Geoffrey Ward shares the ability of David McCullough, and that is to take a scholarly topic and write about it intelligently and coherently. He also makes the journey fun for the reader and he showcases this ability in this excellent book. FDR as a young man (pre polio) was a very different man from the President he was to become. Polio was the defining moment that both changed FDR and deepended his compassion and understanding for the downtrodden.<br />In this second volume of Ward's Roosevelt trilogy, he illuminates FDR's dominating mother and the problems she caused between Franklin and Eleanor. One almost cringes when the obtrusive Sarah Roosevelt plans her son's honeymoon, buys homes for him (with connecting doors for her to intrude upon)and basically usurps FDR's own decision-making processes.<br />Franklin Roosevelt was not a great man, or a particularly engrossing man when young. He achieved greatness only after tragedy befell him, but Ward sets the stage here for Roosevelt's later greatness. If you're interested in Roosevelt or the flighty, banal rich New York set of WWI and the Washington social scene, then this is your cup of tea. It is also a fine book.
Jean Edward Smith is a competent writer who has produced a relatively error-free and certainly positive look at Ulysses S. Grant, but there is something missing. Grant is an elusive subject and after reading this treatment, he will remain as enigmatic and unfathomable as he has always been. Smith has no background on Grant or the civil war and his limitations show, particularly in such a lengthy tome as this. Much of the book is culled from other (superior) Grant biographies and certain issues, such as Grant's drinking, are treated in a paragraph, when pages are necessary to do justice to the topic.<br />Most disturbing is Smith's propensity to borrow liberally from other authors in his interpretations. Certain sections of this book read similarly to words written by previous Grant biographers. See particularly his views on Grant's drinking, which are similar to McPherson's sections in his book, &quot;Battle Cry of Freedom&quot; (available on Amazon).<br />Smith is strongest in his post-civil war sections and his chapters on Grant's much-maligned Presidency are well-written and contain much needed revisionism. Grant was not the bumbling fool as President as is so often depicted. Smith deftly shows that Grant's years in the White House were not devoid of achievement.<br />Still, the flaws of this book surmount any of the positives. The pacing is poor and only a few scant pages are devoted to Grant's valiant race with death and the publication of his brilliant memoirs. The civil war chapters are fairly flat, with no fresh information or anecdotal material. He relies on dated sources and accepts whatever they offered without critical analysis. There are better Grant books out there and you would be advised to search those out.
Many people who routinely hike in Yosemite inexplicably ignore her lesser known sister park to the South: majestic Sequoia. I have hiked in both parks for 15 years and Sequoia is an outstanding National Park, particularly for serious hikers seeking a challenge. Yosemite's Half Dome remains one of the most beautiful and &quot;must do&quot; hikes in California, but Alta Peak in Sequoia is comparable and its beauty is sheer majesty. You can get greater elevations in Sequoia and the alpine terrain, especially in the early summer, will remind you of Switzerland.<br />This Guidebook is exceptionally useful and small enough to carry with you in your pack as you hike. The maps are detailed, as are the driving directions to each trailhead. The descriptions of each hike are concise, yet sufficiently detailed to give you the feel of each hike before you attempt it. There is little superfluous information, which is a frequent complaint of other hiking books.<br />If you have never visited or hiked in Sequoia, you're in for the unexpected treat of a lifetime. The park is incomparably lovely and the hiking is among the best in the Western states. This guidebook will help you discover the wonders of this underrated National Park.  One caveat: this book only deals with short hikes, suitable for people with a family. Don't expect anything over 5-6 miles.
The photography in this book is superlative and the main reason to purchase it is to admire the lush color photos of Texas's birds. However, I also enjoy the book because it allows me, as a novice birder, to learn to correctly identify various species. This book is much superior to an Audubon guide or a National Geographic Filed Guild to birds because each photo is huge and shows the birds to their best advantage. The photos of the various migrating birds aresimply outstanding!<br />I recommend this book for anyone who has an appreciation of birds in the Lone Star state and wants to vicariously see them through this medium. It will definitely prompt every armchair birder to take to the field and spy these wondrous creatures in their natural habitat. There are several birds I saw in this book which captured my fancy immediately. By seeing these photos, it prompted me to go out and beat the trails and shorelines to see each of these birds up close and &quot;in person.&quot; A great book!
I am a neophyte birder and this book was perfect as a beginning guide in identifying and recognizing common birds in the western region. The other bird guides I have purchased (National Geographic and Audubon) were exceptional, but for a novice, they presented too much information and too many birds. This book struck a nice, comfortable compromise. The photos of each bird are excellent and provide you a good look at the features and characteristics of each. They also tell you succinctly where the habitat would be and where you would most likely see each bird.<br />The best feature was that each bird was divided by color. So if you see a Wilson's warbler in your backyard but don't know for certain if your call is correct, you can quickly thumb to the &quot;yellow&quot; section of the book and see all the yellow birds. Thus you can quickly confirm your identification.<br />This book would have limited, or no value to an experienced birder, but for the beginning birder, this is a fine introduction to the hobby of birding.
This is not a scholarly examination of TR's life, but it's a fun read nonetheless. If you are seeking a reliable and definitive book on TR's early years, the choice is Edmund Morris' 1979 biography. David McCullough's examination of Roosevelt is also essential (both books are available on Amazon). This book is breezy, entertaining and focuses on the home life and personal side of Roosevelt. It would be especially  interesting to those who know little or nothing about Roosevelt, but possibly a mild disappointment to those who are better versed in TR's life. One notes that there isnothing new in the book: no new historical discovery, photograph, insight or theory, yet it's still definitely fun to read and hard to put down. Dalton writes well and uses a feminine insight into this marvelously interesting man.<br />She weaves together a cohesive narrative, though skimpy in TR's post-Presidential years which are absolutely vital to understanding his ultimate guilt and grandeur. The author also is fairly strong in describing TR's two marriages and his complicated and neurotic relationship with eccentric daughter Alice. The narrative is much weaker when it comes to illuminating Roosevelt's years as Governor of New York and the details of his Presidential administration.<br />Roosevelt remains one of the most fascinating, exuberant and fun men in American history, and this book is a welcome addition to the literature on TR.
William T. Sherman was one of the most fascinating, unique characters of the American Civil War. Explosive, profane and brilliant, he was surprisingly cautious on the battlefield and never incured the casualities of either Lee or Grant. Sherman's strength was in manouvering to avoid combat and he generally succeeded.<br />So, how does Sherman hold up as a writer? Surprisingly well. Though the book is not as well-written as Ulysses S. Grant's Personal Memoirs, it is still a solid, riveting piece of work. A small criticism is that Sherman included copious amounts of correspondence which are printed in small letters at the bottom of many pages. The correspondence is frquently difficult to decipher and not especially edifying. The acual text, however, is stellar. Highly recommended.
First, a note of caution. If you're a casual hiker, this book will not be beneficial. This is geared more for the elite hiker or climber. However, if you're in this league, the book is informative, instructive and accurate, Gerry Roach writes well and gives the hiker all the essential information needed to make the trek. I live outside of Colorado and only visit for a few weeks each year, specifically to climb 13-ers and 14-ers. Being unfamiliar with the Colorado roads and most of their trailheads, I necessarily rely on this guide to get me to the trailhead with no hassle and accurate driving directions. Roach has never disappointed me. He gives exhaustive directions and includes a map for each trek. If you need a four-wheel drive vehicle to get to your destination, he will let you know. If you have a drive on a dirt road for 6 miles to reach the trailhead, that information will be included.<br />He also describes the trail conditions, whether it's rocky, has scree, is exposed and has a ranking system for how difficult the hike is. If there is scrambling involved or permanent snow fields, he lets you know. If it's a class 3 hike but listed in other guides as class 4, Roach makes the correction and explains why he feels this way.<br />There are separate chapters on the unique and often volatile weather in the Colorado peaks. This is imperative for out-of-state hikers who aren't familiar with the frequent, violent afternoon thunderstorms in the Rockies. When I did Pike's Peak for the first time, I photocopied Roach's chapter on this mountain and took it with me in my pack, and was glad I did. When the thunderstorms began, I descended ASAP, following his advice. This is an outstanding hiking guide. I wouldn't hike in the 13-ers in Colorado without it and neither should you. Enjoy!
If you're planning on spending just a few days in Munich, then this compact little guide will be indispensible in locating the famous beerhalls and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the U-Bahn in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the beerhalls of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest beer, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Munich or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is solely intended for the casual tourist and there is little, if any, information on the intriguing environs of Munich, including Bogenhausen, Haidhausen and areas of Schwabing. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. Still, this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Munich, enjoy the greatest city in Europe and be sure to tuck away Latja's guide.
This is a surprisingly effective and well-organized guide, with some interesting photos. If you're planning on spending just a few days in Vienna, then this compact little book will be indispensible in locating the famous streets and tourist sights. The maps are more than adequate and the walking descriptions to each locale are precise and accurate. There is also corresponding material on how to use the U-Bahn in the city and which station to take for each particular site. There is a separate chapter on the churches of the city with a brief ranking system for the nosiest places, the friendliest, the cheapest food, etc.<br />If you're planning a lengthy sojourn in Vienna or if you already know the city well, then this book would not be as helpful. It is solely intended for the casual tourist and there is little, if any, information on the intriguing environs of the city. Many of the best sites are neglected because most tourists don't want to bother or simply don't have the time to stick around. Still, this is a thrifty guide you can stick in your pocket and consult when you need to find a restaurant, beer haunt or hotel. In short, if you're a first timer to Vienna, enjoy one of the greatest cities in Europe and be sure to tuck away Brook's guide.
I hike rim to rim to rim several times a year in the Grand Canyon, so I know the inner corridor trails pretty well. This book should now be considered the definitive guide for hiking in the Grand Canyon and the strong points of this book are worth noting. The maps are excellent, as are the descriptions of how to get to trail head. However, the book is incomplete in certain areas and outdated. The Grand Canyon has implemented a shuttle system to stem the horrific crowds (I don't see much improvement) and hikers now can't drive to the South Kaibab trail or Hermit's Rest trail. The directions in this book are therefore rendered confusing due to the new restrictions.<br />Most importantly, the authors neglect to stress that in order to successfully complete long hikes at the Grand Canyon, you must be physically prepared. Several times a year I hike rim to rim and then back the next day. This is 24 miles of hiking with some serious elevation gains. Oftentimes I pass many sick, debilitated and unprepared hikers who quite obviously didn't do any physical preparation for this hike. Physically fit people should be able to do it in 3-4 hours coming up, but many are stuck on the trail for 12 hours and suffering. This could be avoided by exercising and hiking for months in advance in order to enjoy and relish the spectacular experience.<br />The author does detail the debilitating and life-threatening heat conditions that exist in the Canyon. I recommend to anyone planning long hikes *not* to attempt them in the summer! Temperatures frequently exceed 110 degrees and heat exhaustion and/or heat stroke can result. The best months to hike in the Grand Canyon are October, November and April.<br />The Grand Canyon (even with the terrible crowds) is a sublime experience and Phantom Ranch is the best part of the canyon. Forget the mule and use your own two feet. It's a magical experience, a great hike and one you will want to do again and again!
I was extremely disappointed in this map, which is incomplete, inadequate and even inaccurate in spots. If you're a casual tourist who is only spending a day in the Bavarian capital, then this map would probably fit your basic needs. But if you're planning on spending a week or more in the city, or if you want to see more than the city center, then avoid the map at all costs.<br />The map shows only the inner city, with few streets shown beyond Briennerstrasse or the Isar. This is simply not acceptable, especially if you want to see anything of the city beyond Marienplatz. There is also some outdated information on the reverse, giving U Bahn stations on the wrong cross streets. This could present clear problems for travelers. I do not recommend this map to anyone unless you're restricting yourself to a small area in the pedestrian-only zone.
John Lennon gave only two lengthy, in-depth interviews in his life. The first was in 1970 to Rolling Stone magazine and his final interview was given in 1980 to Playboy, which is reproduced here. Both are instructive to read, especially when you contrast their tone and content. The Lennon in the 1970 Rolling Stone interview  had just left the Beatles and was trying desperately to convince the interviewer and the public that it just didn't bloody matter. Though history has shown Lennon emerged from the Beatles break-up much more undamaged emotionally than McCartney, the dissolution of his band was bound to leave some scars. John puts up a bit of a front here and I fear he doth protest too much, especially when he says he can't remember much about the Beatles and didn't think they were that great of a band to begin with.<br />In 1980, John was coming out of his self-imposed &quot;house husband&quot; exile and had recorded his first record in five years. The most interesting chapters of the interview are undoubtedly his thoughts about the Beatles and his individual bandmates. Whereas in 1970,  John claimed Lennon and McCartney rarely collaborated on a song post-1964, he corrects this in these '80 recollections. He tells some wonderful stories about Ringo and how he helped George with the lyrics to Taxman in 1966. He also talks about how hurt he was when George omitted reference to him in his memoirs.<br />These interviews should be an integral part of any Lennon collection and makes for some excellent reading. Whether you've grown up on Lennon or are new to him, this is an indispensable tool in trying to understand his mindset just before he was senselessly murdered by Mark David Chapman on the sidewalk in front of the Dakota. What a terribly dark day that was.
I own shelves of hiking guides on Colorado, and this one is near the top of the list. Not only is it informative, instructive and accurate, Malitz writes well and gives the hiker all the essential information needed to make the trek. I live outside of Colorado and only visit for a few weeks each year, specifically to climb 14-ers and the magnificent Rocky Mountain National Park. Being unfamiliar with the Colorado roads and most of their trailheads, I necessarily rely on this guide to get me to the trailhead with no hassle and accurate driving directions. Roach has never disappointed me. He gives exhaustive directions and includes a map for each trek. If you need a four-wheel drive vehicle to get to your destination, he will let you know. If you have a drive on a dirt road for 6 miles to reach the trailhead, that information will be included.<br />He also describes the trail conditions, whether it's rocky, has scree, is exposed and has a ranking system for how difficult the hike is. If there is scrambling involved or permanent snow fields, he lets you know. If it's a class 3 hike but listed in other guides as class 4, Malitz makes the correction and explains why he feels this way.<br />There are separate sections on the unique and often volatile weather in the Colorado peaks. This is imperative for out-of-state hikers who aren't familiar with the frequent, violent afternoon thunderstorms in the Rockies. When I hiked in RMNP for the first time, I photocopied several chapters and took it with me in my pack, and was glad I did. When the thunderstorms began, I descended ASAP, following his advice. This is an outstanding hiking guide. I wouldn't hike in the Rocky Mountain state without it and neither should you. Enjoy!
Living in California, I don't get a chance to hike in New Hampshire as often as I would like. But when I do, I always take this lightweight guide along in my car and in the pack. The best part about the guide is that hikes are described in detail and directions to each trailhead are given in exhaustive detail. This is especially important for out-of-towners who aren't familiar with the back country roads. The authors have hiked each of the trails and they offer pithy comments on trail conditions, the possibility of seeing wildlife and other pertinent information.<br />There is a separate section on the magnificent Cohos Trail, the 200+ mile hike which runs the length of the state. My one slight criticism is the photos, which could be of better quality, but the text, route descriptions and ancillary material are of high quality.
This is a fun little beginners guide to the joys of running. In fact, this just might be the best and most complete book on running since Jim Fixx's mammothly successful book 25 years ago. What I like best about the Bingham's book is that it has something in it for every beginning runner, from the casual jogger to the total coach potato. Each chapter focuses on a special area of the sport: injuries, mileage, women's running, seniors, masters runners, even children developing into competitive athletes.<br />The title is instructive: there is an emphasis on competitive running, with the focus primarily in 10K road races to the marathon. Several of the elite and most popular marathons are discussed at length, incuding Boston, L.A., New York and Chicago. There are some useful tips on how to increase your weekly mileage, avoid injury, carbo loading before the race and recovery afterwards. Having completed marathons, I can tell you that it's easy to do than you think and once you start completing the 26.2 mile courses, you'll be hooked for as long as your body will hold out.<br />Running is a joyous activity and one which brings many individual rewards. If you're a serious, addicted runner, you'll love this book, but the beginners will also reap great rewards because the book it geared towards the novice. It's well-written, fun to read and instructive. Highly recommended.
This is an indispensible guidebook for any hiker who loves Yosemite. I use it almost daily during hiking season and it helps in selecting hikes, planning them, reaching the trailhead and gauging whether a hike will be worthwhile. Each hike contains an accurate, though brief, description of the rigors of each trek. Occasionally I quibble with the authors ranking of a given hike, but usually they are on the mark.<br />A few cautionary notes: there are no detailed maps in the book, except general maps which introduce the hiker to each specific place. Te map for the John Muir trail, for example, is very basic. Don't expect detailed maps for each hike because there are none. The descriptions of how to reach each trailhead are excellent, unless you have little experience with Yosemite.<br />My favorite part of the book is that the Touloume Meadows High Country area is not neglected. Swedo has various categories and list the hikes they think are best suited to be placed in every league and the valley floor is not the only area of the park that is stressed .If you spend any time hiking in Yosemite, this book is essential!
The most enjoyable hours of my life have been spent hiking in Yosemite and Mammoth and this guide is absolutely indispensible for the novice or experienced hiker.<br />The photographs themselves are breathtaking; all in color and printed on hih quality, glossy paper. The photos give you an excellent idea of what each hike is going to look like. I use it almost daily during hiking season and it helps in selecting hikes, planning them, reaching the trailhead and gauging whether a hike will be worthwhile. Each hike contains an accurate and fairly detailed description of the rigors of each trek. Occasionally I quibble with the author's ranking of a given hike, but usually he is on the mark.<br />A few cautionary notes: there are no detailed maps in the book, except general maps which introduce the hiker to each specific place. The map for the John Muir trail, for example, is very basic. Don't expect detailed maps for each hike because there are none. The descriptions of how to reach each trailhead are excellent, unless you have little experience with Yosemite.<br />My favorite part of the book is that the Touloume Meadows High Country area is not neglected, nor the great hikes around Hetch Hetchy.  Equally detailed are the fantastic hikes in Mammoth, including Ediza and Shadow lakes, Duck pass and Valentine Lake. All in all, a fabulous and beautiful hiking guide.
Woodworth is a proven, able civil war historian, but this is one of his weakest books. Instead of concentrating on Grant's relationship with his subordinates, he focuses on mini biographhies of people in Grant's orbit, such as Wallace, Baldy Smith, Sherman and Sheridan. The biographies themselves are no better than what you would find in an encyclopedia and contain absolutely no new or novel information. There is very little material on the personal dynamics between the commander and his minions.<br />Grant's famous feuds with Rosecrans, Pap Thomas and Smith are poorly presented and glossed over without inciteful comment. A golden opportunity is missed here, because these disagreements highlight the most interesting aspect of Grant's relationships throughout the war. In short, a slim and completely unpenetrating look at a subject that is well suited for a lengthy and interesting examination.
The only criticism here is that the editors saw fit to edit this masterpiece of American literature. This is a little like editing Shakespeare or the Bible. Don''t tamper with genius! This criticism aside...<br />General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. A truly oustanding book.'s witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. A truly oustanding book.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. A truly oustanding book.an intensely good read. I have read them in! their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. A truly oustanding book.
If you had to read one book about U.S. Grant as a man this is it. Horace Porter knew Grant quite well and thought he book was written in 1896, it still retains a vibrancy and modernity to it. Porter wrote the book in an almost conversational style which is entertaining and interesting. Do you want to know how much Grant weighed or how tall he was? What kinds of foods he liked? How about a description of him necking with his wife in full view of Lincoln and his staff officers? Look no further than between the covers of this remarkable book. I guarantee you won't be able to put it down
This is an excellent addition to the Falcon Guide hiking series, and the author adds a touch of humor and class to each route description. The driving directions to each trailhead are detailed and accurate. the route descriptions are similarly packed with information that any hiker can use. If there was a chance of seeing wildlife, Pletcher duly notes it and informs you when the best times are for seeing bears or moose. If you're backpacking, he tells you where to find water and where reliable springs are located.<br />I was a little disappointed that he didn't concentrate more on the 260 mile Long Trail which traverses the length of Vermont. I was looking for information of their shelters and side routes into towns along the way. But for day hikers, this is a good, reliable and handy guide. Recommended.
Living in California, I don't get a chance to hike in Vermont as often as I would like. But when I do, I always take this lightweight guide along in my car and in the pack. The best part about the guide is that hikes are described in detail and directions to each trailhead are given in exhaustive detail. This is especially important for out-of-towners who aren't familiar with the back country roads.  The authors have hiked each of the trails and they offer pithy comments on trail conditions, the possibility of seeing wildlife and other pertinent information.<br />There is a separate section on the magnificent Long Trail,  the 260 mile hike which runs from the Massachusetts border to he Canadian border. My one slight criticism is the photos, which could be of better quality, but the text, route descriptions and ancillary material are of high quality.
This is an excellent &quot;how to&quot; book which is geared towards the novice backpacker. But it's also fun to peruse even if you're a veteran of the trails. Hall writes well and has a good sense of humor about the topic. The way the book is organized is exceptional: each chapter is fairly brief, and there are small &quot;side bars&quot; with additional information on various subjects, such as hydration, bears, food preparation and tending to your gear. If you have never backpacked previously, this is essential reading. I can't imagine attempting any lengthy trek without knowing the info presented here. While much of it is common sense material, there is an abundance of other topics which don't seem to be addressed in other backpacking guides.<br />As for the title, it's misleading. Men can get just as much enjoyment from the book as the ladies. There really is not much gender-specific commentary in the book. If you want a funny, yet absorbing, look at backpacking, this is your book.
This is a simple story of an amazing journey, narrated by a man who writes in a refreshingly open manner. Whether you enjoy walking or not, or whether you have the slightest interest in the geography or social customs of the United States, this book is written for everyone who has a desire to read a beautiful story.<br />In part one of his journey, Peter Jenkins walks across America in this book, with his faithful, tireless companion, his dog Cooper. The dog is an integral part of this story and almost made me go out and buy one of Cooper's breed. He is the epitome of what a dog should be, and canine lovers will adore all the little vignettes about this amazing fellow. Then Cooper dies on the journey, which caused me a few tears. Part two picks up without Cooper, and there there are setbacks, heartaches and crises along the way, but there are also some old-fashioned heartwarming moments as well. The people in the South are especially helpful to a thirsty, hungry traveler. Jenkins' stories of their hospitality is touching.<br />Yes, there are a few sections of the book which border almost on the mawkish and the &quot;aw, shucks&quot; John Denver-ish approach of the main character might seem a little dated or folksy. But I challenge the naysayers to attempt (and succeed) at what Jenkins managed to do, it's an amazing book and one which many people will read in a single evening. One note: Jenkins brings along with wife on this journey, so she sort of &quot;picks up the slack&quot; where Cooper leaves off. Excellent book!
If you're looking for a book from someone who actually has thru hiked the AT, then avoid this at all costs. I was extremely disappointed in the narrative, which is essentially just a jumbled mish-mash of stories culled from AT trail journals. I couldn't believe a publisher would bring out a book with such an extremely misleading title. Lynn Setzer never walked the Appalachian Trail and the style of the book is disjointed, irritating and uninformative. A massive disappointment to anyone who has thru hiked the AT or someday dreams of doing so. I suppose there is some scant merit in the book, and I did actually complete it, but it was a chore.
This hiking guide contains all the required elements for a useful hiking book: excellent driving directions to each trailhead, elevation gains, topographical maps and other random thoughts about each trek. There is an absence of photographs, which is the only reason I don't give this the ultimate &quot;5 star&quot; rating. There is an emphasis on hikes south of Lee Vining, so if you're looking especially at the Bridgeport or Virginia Lakes area, there are better guides out there. But if your speciality is Mammoth and Yosemite, lace up your boots!
While I greatly admire Cindy Ross in accomplishing a thru-hike of the PCT (albeit over 2 years), I was quite disappointed in her writing style. Of particular annoyance was the High School gushing over her husband, whom she married halfway through the book. That became so irritating it nearly made me nauseous. I came to this book with a desire to learn about her hiking experiences, the trail conditions, the stories of resupplying in town, the physical effects of the trek and whatever spiritual satisfaction she gleaned from such an arduous journey. Instead we are regaled with endless (and pointless) tid-bits about her husband and other trail mates.<br />In short, too much extraneous information and not enough of the actual trail experience. Other reviewers have noted that Cindy seems short on humor, and I would concur. While I would never minimize her tremendous accomplishment, her writing style is sophomoric, whiny in long stretches and overly sentimental about relationships and puppy love. Call me a cynic, but this thru hiker didn't move me, even though her accomplishments are inspiring.
I have thru hiked the Muir Trail from north to south and found this book informative and containing some useful information. However, much of the info is of the common sense variety and could also easily be gleaned from the Internet. There is superfluous information on bear canisters, marmots and other hazards that any semi-experience hiker/backpacker would already know. The book is not marketed as being geared towards novices, but there's no doubt it would benefit a beginner and be less beneficial to a seasoned backpacker.<br />The first section of the book consists solely of topographical maps, so the text portion is not especially lengthy. There are route descriptions of each facet of the trail, such as explaining the drop off points, elevation gains and topography of Thousand Island Lake in Mammoth to Tuolumne Meadows in Yosemite. You could do a thru hike without this guide, but if you're the least bit apprehensive, then this would ease your worries.
This is an essential book for anyone who has thru hiked the AT, or is a vicarious thru hiker. Earl Shaffer is the first confirmed person to complete the trail in one season, though a group of boy scouts later claimed they made the entire journey sometime in the mid-30's. Shaffer writes very well, in a phlegmatic, relaxed and spare style. He was an environmentalist and naturalist in an era when few were of the same mindset. As a former WWII GI, he was restless with civilian life and just decided to walk from Springer Mountain to Mount Katahdin. What a pioneer he was, even though he didn't know it!<br />Schaffer describes many fascinating things about the trail and the physical and mental effects resulting from hiking 2,100 miles. Though the journey took place in 1948, there is nothing dated about the book, except the fact that many shelters have been updated or added, and more towns dot the trail these days. This is a great book for anyone addicted to literature on the beloved Appalachian Trail.
Gary Giddins has pealed away the mendacity that has surrounded Bing Crosby in published literature since his death. Bing was pilloried in books by his son Gary, and painted in other biographies as a philandering, cold-as-ice misanthrope. Finally Crosby fans can embrace a book (read by Edward Lewis), which contains much positive information on one of the greatest and most influential Americans icons of the 20th century. Bing's brilliance has been inexplicably eclipsed since his death. Hopefully, this book will introduce the Crosby magic to those who have never been exposed to it.<br />Without Bing Crosby, popular music would not sound the way it sounds today, it's that simple. When he first started singing with Paul Whiteman's band in the 20's as a member of the Rhythm Boys, all vocalists sounded the same: weak-kneed tenors warbling through megaphones, ala the insufferable Rudy Vallee. Bing's mellifluous, effortless baritone became the standard by which every other singer strove to emulate: Sinatra, Como, Dean Martin and every other singer initially copied Bing.<br />Giddins correctly emphasizes Bing's influence on 20th century pop culture. He was a vocal innovator par excellence and his jazz phrasing, timing and cadence remains unmatched. Giddins also explores in great depth Crosby's numerous affairs, his tortured marriage to the alcoholic Dixie Lee, and brings out some interesting gossip: did you know Bing smoked pot regularly with Louis Armstrong in the early 30's? No more Mr. Goody Two Shoes!<br />I've loved Bing Crosby all my life and have waited a lifetime for an intelligent and readable biography. Gary Giddins is an excellent writer and researcher and he has created a minor masterpiece. This is an essential addition to any Crosbyphile's bookshelf. The audio version is excellent, you'll enjoy listening to the book while commuting to work.
The standard and obligatory questions about Rudolf Hess are: did he fly to Scotland with Hitler's knowledge? Was he crazy during the Nuremberg trials and afterwards as well, and was he murdered? If you're insane or hopelessly ill-informed, you might also throw in the question whether he ever had a double. Unfortunately, Padfield asks these questions but is too ill-equipped historically to answer them. He is totally out of his depth here and it shows. He relies on Wolf Hess' testimony on many things when he needs to examine the historical record instead. The overwhelming abundance of evidence shows that Hess flew to Scotland in 1941 without the Fuehrer's knowledge, that he was perfectly sane throughout his life (though eccentric) and that the notion of him having a &quot;double&quot; is ludicrous.<br />This book is not especially well-written and contains almost nothing new. The autopsy photos of Hess are revealing but hardly show &quot;conclusively&quot; that he was murdered. There is very little material on Hess' long confinement at Spandau, nor about his early life. His relationship with Hitler is not explored adequately with the possible exception of their time in Landsberg prison. In short, a disappointment.
I admit I approached this book with some trepidation. After all, Stephen Ambrose is considered the definitive Ike biographer, and I doubted that D'Este could do proper justice to Eisenhower. Boy, was I mistaken. D'Este writes well and weaves together all the characters in the Ike saga with effortless skill. The pro-Eisenhower prejudice which occasionally mars Ambrose's books is completely lacking here. The author respects Ike but plainly sees his shortcomings and faults. He gently argues that an essentially desk-bound general such as Ike can never be considered the equal of a battlefield general like Robert E. Lee or U.S. Grant.<br />There is plenty of material here about Ike's famous disagreements with the bombastic Monty, as well as his views on Patton, Bradley and the other members of SHAEF. Also included is material on Ike's relationship with his driver, Kay Summersby. Did they or did they not &quot;do&quot; it? D'Este will tell you. I recommend this book for students of WWII or Eisenhower. It's very readable and factual.
David McCullough is a masterful story teller and biographer of American icons. His book on Harry Truman is considered his best, but this look at the young Theodore Roosevelt is quite good. The major criticism of the book is that McCullough spends an inordinate amount of time on TR's parents, neither of whom are especially interesting. There is also an enormous amount of background material on the Oyster Bay wealthy clique, their customs, habits and privileged manners. This can get boring pretty quickly.<br />But the majority of the text is rightly devoted to TR, who is as fascinating a man who ever lived. It's all here: his ability to speak languages, his amazing memory, the fact he read a book every day, his passion for the outdoor life, his years at Harvard. His romances are here as well, including his early passion for eventual wife Edith, whom he threw over for his first wife, Alice.<br />The book ends after Alice's death and TR retreats for two years to emotionally heal in the Badlands. If you have an interest in TR, this is an essential, &quot;must have&quot; book. It does bog down in too many details early on, but the bulk of the book is excellent. Recommended!
Reuth claims he embarked on this biography of Hitler's Propaganda Minister because there weren't any good books on Goebbels. Not only is this balderdash, his offering is the weakest Goebbels biography in recent memory. The writing style is extremely pedantic, plodding, slow-as-molasses and tedious. Goebbels was an extremely complex, brilliant, devious man, but you'll not encounter much of him here. Reuth inexplicably chooses not to use the copious 1920's Goebbels diaries, which David Irving included in his infinitely superior biography of &quot;the little dwarf.&quot;<br />This book is heavily weighted towards Goebbels role in WWII Berlin, which is curiously among the least-interesting periods of his life. Utterly glossed over are the most engrossing years of the &quot;Kampfzeit&quot; in the 20's, where Goebbels was a discipline of Gregor Strasser and then only came under Hitler's spell once he met him. Then it was no turning back. There is shockingly little interest displayed here in Goebbels' fascinating private life. Magda, his wife, is scarcely mentioned, nor is Lida Baarova, the Czech actress that Goebbels fell in love with in 1938.<br />A chilly, disappointing read. Not recommended.
John Eisenhower's book on the Mexican War persuaded to me to purchase this book and I am glad I did. Eisenhower writes extremely well and always in an entertaining, informative style. This ability to convey details in a personal way enhances this splendid look at Ike in the pivotal period 1940-1945. Though John didn't see too much of his father during this turbulent times, he obviously knows much behind the scenes information which he now imparts to the reader.<br />This isn't a full-scale biography of Ike (consult Ambrose for that), but rather contains different chapters on famous military personalities in Ike's orbit. These include the pompous MacArthur, who said of Eisenhower in the Philippines, &quot;He was the best clerk I ever had,&quot; Patton, Bradley, Churchill and Monty. General Montgomery was, of course, an insufferable prig and egomaniac, and John details the delicate path Ike had to traverse in keeping the Brit in check. He also reveals many of Ike's thoughts and movements prior to June 6, 1944, D-Day for the Allies.<br />I highly recommend this book to all who admire Eisenhower, to any WWII buff or anyone who admires taut, well-written historical prose. A great read.
I suppose the target audience for this slim little volume on Hitler's Propaganda Minister is for teenagers, or perhaps for people with a minimal interest in the subject matter. There is no way to do justice to Goebbels in 112 pages, especially when the font size is large and the lines are triple spaced. Goebbels was an extremely complex, brilliant, devious man, but you'll not encounter much of him here. Roberts inexplicably decided not to conduct any real research for this book, or include any primary source material. He used very little of Goebbels' WWII diaries, and uses nothing from the 1920's diaries, which David Irving included in his infinitely superior biography of the man.<br />Certain aspects of Goebbels public life are almost entirely ignored, such as his oratorical capacities, his &quot;Totaler Krieg&quot; speech in 1943 Berlin and his editorship of the Nazi Party newspaper. There is emphasis upon Goebbels' knowledge of the Nazi genocide, but there still is no original material or analysis. A disappointing book all around.
Kay Summersby produced this book while dying of cancer. It was actually ghostwritten, but based on material she provided the shadowy author, who writes extremely well. In fact, it's very difficult to put this one down and I have read it several times over the years. Kay paints fascinating word portraits of various WWII personalities she met, including the profane and hilarious Patton, the bombastic Monty, the loquacious Churchill and the shy Omar Bradley.<br />Of course the most interesting character is Ike himself. There is no doubt Kay was utterly besotted with Eisenhower. She was wildly infatuated with him, as well as being physically attracted to him. How Ike felt about Kay is more nebulous and one can't dismiss the hundreds of love letters Ike penned to Mamie during the time he was entwined with Kay. The fact that Ike's staff denied he was sexually involved with Kay doesn't count for much; for a discreet couple, it's easy to fool outsiders.<br />Kay writes of two thwarted sexual encounters. Both occurred in public houses where people could presumably walk in on the amorous couple. Their first attempt at being intimate was in England, but Ike couldn't perform. He apologized profusely for this failure, but Kay assured him still she still loved him anyway. Their second attempt at consummation was after VE Day, in Germany. Kay claims that clothes were wildly discarded and they tried to get down to business... but again, Ike was unable to complete the act. Poor Kay!<br />Historians debate whether this is all wishful thinking. One might question why a woman would invent a situation where her would-be lover is impotent. If you're going to lie, why not go the whole nine yards and invent passionate couplings all over WWII Europe? Indeed, the dialogue Kay invents is more upsetting that her sexual depictions. It's hard to imagine Ike grabbing her and saying, &quot;God-----, Kay, I love you!&quot; Or fantasizing about having a baby with her. This sounds like pure fiction.<br />Despite all these problems, it's still an incredibly interesting book. You either accept Kay's romance with Ike or you believe she invented it all. I tend to think he was extremely attracted to her but was too uptight to commit adultery, especially with his chauffeur. Still, an excellent read.br />Despite all these problems, it's still an incredibly interesting book. You either accept Kay's romance with Ike or you believe she invented it all. I tend to think he was extremely attracted to her but was too uptight to commit adultery, especially with his chauffeur. Still, an excellent read.
I'm one of those vicarious PCT thru-hikers who merely has section hiked portions of the grand trail. Bob Holtel hiked the entire way and his journey is epic and makes for a great read. I devoured the entire book in one sitting and was a little depressed when I was finished. Holtel writes very well and it's as if you're with him throughout every painful mile. When he can't find water for an evening, you're thirsty along with him. When he spies a black bear meandering across the path, you see the animal as well. He really has a story teller's gift and this book is nirvana for anyone who has actually thru hiked the Pacific Crest Trail or who has aspirations of someday doing it.<br />From the border of Mexico all the way up to Washington, you're in step with Holtel without a boring or wasted word. This is a gripping book and an infectious reading experience.
These two screen giants met on the set of Woman of the Year in 1942 and were together until Spencer died of a heart attack, shortly after wrapping up Guess Whose Coming to Dinner in 1967. This book chronicles their remarkable, romantic pairing in an era where a movie star's private life could remain hidden from a prying public. Spencer was married to a devoted Catholic, Louise, and he refused to divorce her. He also felt a tremendous sense of guilty about his deaf son. So marriage was out of the question, but Kate didn't care, she just wanted she be with Spencer, and she was, following him all over the world to sit worshipfully at his feet.<br />Andersen dutifully chronicles the nine classic Tracy-Hepburn films and gives some intriguing behind-the-scenes glimpses into each movie. There is also much information about Tracy's legendary bouts with the bottle, his brief fling with Gene Tierney in the early 50's and Kate's affair with Howard Hughes in the 1930's. All the bases are covered, but I wish Andersen would have interviewed more people close to the duo. Still, an engrossing read and essential for anyone enamored with either Spencer or Kate.
This is an incredible read, an essential addition to any Watergate buff's library. The bulk of the book consists of transcripts from conversations Nixon had with his advisors during the Watergate break-in and its aftermath. All of the material is recently released and there's no doubt why the Nixon daughters desperately want this stuff suppressed: it paints their father with a viscerally black brush. We all know Nixon was a paranoid loner, brilliant but erratic, and distrustful of everyone around him except Haldeman and Ehrlichman. These tapes show conclusively that Nixon also demanded total sycophancy from his inner circle, that he was a racist, an habitual liar and someone with a pathological need to deceive.<br />Bob Haldeman and Alexander Haig come off as complete toadies; worthless &quot;yes men.&quot; Ehrlichman comes across better, as does Magruder, but the worst abuse must be heaped on Henry Kissinger, who appears as a quasi-insane boot licker of the highest order. It's incredible to see these men constantly assure Nixon that he was always right, always clever and completely above the law. How wrong they all were.<br />The most delicious parts are when Nixon speaks himself. He is unintentionally hilarious, as he plots to &quot;get&quot; various reporters, wiretap his enemies and harass anyone who gets in his way. His diatribes on Howard Baker and Sam Erwin are the stuff of classics, you'll be on the floor, laughing. &quot;That senile old b------,&quot; Nixon growls about Erwin. &quot;He's half in the bag every waking moment, the miserable a------.&quot; This is a grand book, highly entertaining!
I usually detest these types of books, which are written by business executives trying to pose as top-flight historians. But I was surprised and pleased by Axelrod's approach to FDR, and this would be an excellent book for people new to Roosevelt. The author assembles various quotes from Roosevelt and then applies them to real life situations we all face and fret about. Of course FDR was born with a silver spoon in his mouth and was a spoiled, coddled young man. The polio that struck him at the age of 39 was the great leveler and it transformed Franklin from a \\"feather duster\\" into a truly great man. Axelrod leads the reader down the path of Roosevelt's life, dispensing the major details and eliminating all the superfluous fluff. This results in a tight, well-written book.<br />It's fashionable in today's political climate to trash Roosevelt and trot out oodles of mis-information about the greatest President of the 20th century. Thankfully, this little book sets the record straight on a great and essential American.
Reeves is a master chronicler of events and no occasion of the Nixon Presidency, however incidental, is missed here. The book is long on details relating to the professional side of Nixon, but I was disappointed that there was a lack of personal anecdote within the covers of the book. Of course RN was an inscrutable, moody, paranoid and ultimately unknowable man, but I would have liked more material on Pat Nixon, as well as Tricia and Julie. Reeves quotes copiously of Nixon's own self-serving memoirs but doesn't include much primary source material on Nixon as a human being.<br />The strong points are the chapters on Watergate and the gradual demise and destruction of RN as President. The ancillary characters of Watergate all get their just due: Halderman, Ehrlichman, Mitchell and Dean are described in sometimes sympathetic but occasionally, brutal detail. Reeves shows masterfully that Nixon dissembled and lied to the bitter end, not to the American people, but most disturbingly, to himself. It's well-written and full of detail, just don't expect much on Nixon the man. Otherwise, an enthusiastic thumbs up
John Lennon gave only two lengthy, in-depth interviews in his life. The first was in 1970 to Rolling Stone magazine and his final interview was given in 1980 to Playboy. Both are instructive to read, especially when you contrast their tone and content. The Lennon in this book had just left the Beatles and was trying desperately to convince the interviewer and the public that it just didn't bloody matter. Though history has shown Lennon emerged from the Beatles break-up much more undamaged emotionally than McCartney, the dissolution of his band was bound to leave some scars. John puts up a bit of a front here and I fear he doth protest too much, especially when he says he can't remember much about the Beatles and didn't think they were that great of a band to begin with.<br />In 1970, John was in the midst of his Arthur Janov primal scream therapy and he talks about this at great length. If you're primarily interested in the Beatles, then you might wish to skip over this section. The most interesting chapters of the interview are undoubtedly his thoughts about the Beatles and his individual bandmates. Read this with caution, however. This was the same year Lennon penned the visceral anti-Paul ode, How Do You Sleep? His caustic comments about Paul would soften a trifle by 1980, as he himself admitted in the 1980 Playboy piece. There is also some intentional untruths here, such as when John says Lennon and McCartney rarely collaborated on a song post-1964. He corrects this in his '80 recollections. He tells some wonderful stories about Ringo and how he helped George with the lyrics to Taxman in 1966.<br />I first read this book at the age of 8, when it was published. It's remained an integral part of my Lennon collection and still makes for some excellent reading. Whether you've grown up on Lennon or are new to him, this is an indispensable tool in trying to understand his mindset at the critical juncture of his life.
I own shelves of hiking guides, but this one tops the list. Not only is it informative, instructive and accurate, Gerry Roach writes well and gives the hiker all the essential information needed to make the trek. I live outside of Colorado and only visit for a few weeks each year, specifically to climb 14-ers. Being unfamiliar with the Colorado roads and most of their trailheads, I necessarily rely on this guide to get me to the trailhead with no hassle and accurate driving directions. Roach has never disappointed me. He gives exhaustive directions and includes a map for each trek. If you need a four-wheel drive vehicle to get to your destination, he will let you know. If you have a drive on a dirt road for 6 miles to reach the trailhead, that information will be included.<br />He also describes the trail conditions, whether it's rocky, has scree, is exposed and has a ranking system for how difficult the hike is. If there is scrambling involved or permanent snow fields, he lets you know. If it's a class 3 hike but listed in other guides as class 4, Roach makes the correction and explains why he feels this way.<br />There are separate chapters on the unique and often volatile weather in the Colorado peaks. This is imperative for out-of-state hikers who aren't familiar with the frequent, violent afternoon thunderstorms in the Rockies. When I did Pike's Peak for the first time, I photocopied Roach's chapter on this mountain and took it with me in my pack, and was glad I did. When the thunderstorms began, I descended ASAP, following his advice. This is an outstanding hiking guide. I wouldn't hike in the 14-ers in Colorado without it and neither should you. Enjoy!
If you love the incomparable Kate as much as I do, then you've spent your life being disappointed by the printed material about her. The Kanin book had depth but scant content, Kate's own two books told us precious little about herself and were deliberately vague. But this book by Scott Berg is the real deal.<br />To me, the most fascinating aspect of Katharine Hepburn was her legendary 26 year relationship with Spencer Tracy, the love of her life. It was only after Louise Tracy, Spence's widow, died in the early 80's that Kate finally felt comfortable to speak about Spencer in public. She spoke about him at great length over the years to Berg and he recorded her thoughts and conversations so we all can now savor them. Kate tells the familiar tales: how they met in 1942 on the set of Woman of The Year, the struggles with his alcoholism, the guilt he felt over his son's deafness, but she also reveals some new material. She confesses she never wanted to marry him and that Spence once struck her in the face when she was putting him to bed at the Beverly Hills Hotel in the early 50's. Did she confront him and expect an apology? Nope, Kate explains it wouldn't have done any good and Spencer had forgotten about it the next morning. Another example of her typical New England no nonsense approach to life.<br />Berg gently tried to coax Hepburn into revealing her feelings about Spencer's brief affair with Gene Tierney, but Kate wouldn't bite. Throughout the book, Hepburn expresses her pride and adoration of Tracy, the man she said was as good and basic as a baked potato. The strongest parts of the book undoubtedly revolve around the Tracy-Hepburn partnership.<br />Berg also gets Hepburn's reactions to various stars she worked with. She disliked John Barrymore, who barged into her dressing room naked in 1933 (she told him firmly to get lost). She loved working with Henry Fonda and, rather surprisingly, John Wayne. There's also some hilarious material about Michael Jackson and his \\"friendship\\" with Kate, which developed somewhat improbably in the middle 80's. Scott Berg met Jackson and the gloved one gushed how he was Hepburn's biggest fan. However, when Berg asked Michael what was his favorite Hepburn movie, he couldn't name a single title! Amazingly, Hepburn still had MJ visit after this painful admission.<br />My one criticism of the book is that Berg talks too much about himself and this did grate on the nerves. When he went off on a multi-page tangent about himself and his own accomplishments, I just skimmed and resumed reading once Kate reappeared.<br />Still, this is a marvelous read, a book you can easily complete in an evening. If you love Kate, this will be nirvana. If you know little about her, it's still essential reading to understand one of the great female cultural icons of the century. An amazing woman!his \\"friendship\\" with Kate, which developed somewhat improbably in the middle 80's. Scott Berg met Jackson and the gloved one gushed how he was Hepburn's biggest fan. However, when Berg asked Michael what was his favorite Hepburn movie, he couldn't name a single title! Amazingly, Hepburn still had MJ visit after this painful admission.<br />My one criticism of the book is that Berg talks too much about himself and this did grate on the nerves. When he went off on a multi-page tangent about himself and his own accomplishments, I just skimmed and resumed reading once Kate reappeared.<br />Still, this is a marvelous read, a book you can easily complete in an evening. If you love Kate, this will be nirvana. If you know little about her, it's still essential reading to understand one of the great female cultural icons of the century. An amazing woman!
This is a little-known but delightful gem of a book. The inimitable Eleanor Roosevelt was a prolific author, but this effort is among her very best. Forged by adversity throughout her life, Eleanor was born into a privileged, wealthy family. Her father, Elliot, was Theodore Roosevelt's brother.<br />My favorite chapter is \\"The Right to Be an Individual.\\" Mrs. Roosevelt stresses that individuality is something to be prized, yet people want to remain safe, surrounded by a group. She stresses we should strive against this and always be true to ourselves. This is a simple, yet eloquent philosophy. The entire book is full of wit, wisdom and some profound bits of advice. I am a better person for having read this book and I think everyone can take something meaningful from its pages.
Russell Freedman has done a masterful job with this Lincoln biography, primarily intended for younger readers. Though touted as a &quot;photobiography,&quot; there are not an abundance of Lincoln photos, though there is an excellent assortment of photographs of the time period, as well as pictures of his wife and children. The Lincoln portraits that are printed are among the greatest Brady albumen's ever taken of a prominent person, and show Lincoln's world-weary countenance in the face of the raging storm of the Civil War.<br />Freedman writes well and he focuses on Lincoln as an individual. I was pleased to see so much space devoted to Lincoln's complex relationship with Mary Todd, the woman who became his wife. The adversity this couple endured is sobering: the loss of Eddie and Willie at young ages, Lincoln's melancholia and spells of profound depression, as well as the strains of the Presidency. Who can imagine the torment of trying to keep a nation together while millions of American boys died in combat? The strain Lincoln endured is beyond imagination. Freedman tries to have the young reader put themselves in Lincoln's shoes. This is an instructive technique. Freedman also devotes considerable time to Lincoln's special father-son relationship with Tad, and his account of the assassination is excellent.<br />Readers of all ages can glean something from this book, but the target age range would be from 10-15. For young people first starting to learn about Lincoln, look no farther than here. This is a first-rate example of biography for the younger audience.
This is not a full-scale biography of Harry Truman, but it would serve as a fabulous introduction to him. This is a short book, but contains a wealth of personal anecdotes, quotes and compilations from Truman's private conversations and letters. It's so refreshing to reflect upon Truman, a politician who almost always said what he thought and did what he thought best. There was no posturing with him, no p.r. campaigns, no manipulating the media. Every morning he would take his 2 mile stroll (at a clip of 15 minutes per mile, not bad for a man over 60), and the press would be running after him, hoping for a quote for the morning paper.<br />Also included in the book is information on Truman's close relationship with this anchor, Bess, as well as their daughter, Margaret. The famous episode where Truman attacked a columnist for ridiculing Margaret's singing voice is included. If you're unfamiliar with this, it will definitely make you laugh! Truman was rough around the edges, yet a highly skilled and intelligent man; he was well-read, articulate in a plain sort of way and an astute judge of character. His opinions on Ike and MacArthur justify the purchase of this book. Enjoy!
Yes, you read that correctly. This guide is so brittle and dry it's extremely frustrating. The Devil's Postpile area of Mammoth has a trailhead which leads you to heaven, literally. The Agnew Meadows and PCT criss-cross this area and these trails are as beautiful as any place in this hemisphere. Would you know it from this overly technical, ZZZZ-ville narrative? Nope. The authors take a place so astoundingly beautiful and reduce it to just another locale, a sort of ho-hum place you might encounter while strolling in the plains of Kansas. But Mammoth is not just any place, it's a spectacular place, a hiking paradise, a one of a kind wonder!<br />The map is excellent but doesn't justify the purchase of this book. The map itself is still current, even though it was produced in 1927. The mountains haven't changed, but boy, have the trailheads changed. There is also a shuttle system implemented in the past year and it will cost you $14 per couple to hit these trailhead, unless you want to ride the bus. This is vital information which is not included in this book.<br />To sum up: see Mammoth and hike it for yourself. Don't put any credence in this outdated, obsolete, dry-as-a-bone book.
The canard that the Democrats ran Roosevelt in 1944 knowing he was desperately ill is a canard. Obviously he wasn't in the best of health as any newsreel of 1944 showed plainly. He was in a wheelchair, suffered extreme hypertension and was under the crippling stress of running a World War and winning it for the Allies. Roosevelt himself was well aware that he was deteriorating physically and went to considerable prains to disguise his condition. He strained the limits of his endurance by riding in the rain in a covertible from the streets of NYC in Novemeber, 1944, to show the world he still had it. The after-effects of this little folly were significant. Of course FDR also traveled halfway around the world to Yalta to meet Churchill and Stalin, exposing himself to the extreme rigors of travel under adversity. The salient point is, you don't change horses in the middle of the stream, especially under the epic conditions posed by World War II.<br />There is no conspiracy element to any of this. His doctors concealed from him the truth of his medical condition because Roosevelt wanted it that way. When physicians discovered his blood pressure was dangerously high, they merely doused him with medication without informing him of his malady. The same rationale was used in concealing his heart failure from him. Roosevelt was an extremely concealing man and didn't want to be burdened with &quot;superfluous&quot; medical bad news when he was consumed with the gargantuan task of defeating Hitler and Tojo.<br />A point to consider is this: it was imperative to run FDR in 1944, to conclude the war and win the peace. Tragically, FDR died in April, 1945, and it was left for Harry Truman to preside over the fall of Germany and Japan. I would argue that even a health-impaired Roosevelt was head and shoulders above the two candidates the Republicans offered up in 1940 and 1944. Is there anyone who thinks Wilkie or Dewey could have led America in this crisis as well as the inimitable FDR? This is an interesting, informative book. It's well-written and not laden with medical or technical jargon. Highly recommended.e FDR? This is an interesting, informative book. It's well-written and not laden with medical or technical jargon. Highly recommended.
Beschloss writes extremely well, in a breezy, chatty, informal way that makes it seem as if he's sitting in your living room, narrating the story. He takes complicated events and reduces them to human terms and even a history novice could comprehend this plot as it unfolds. The star of the show is undoubtedly Franklin Roosevelt, the most important personage of the Big Three and arguably, the most interesting. Roosevelt's leadership during WWII is extremely difficult to criticize, because he surrounded himself with magnificent minions, led by the incomparable George C. Marshall. FDR's military meddling was minimal, his judgments on subordinates superb. Contrast his military selections (MacArthur, Ike, Halsey, Nimitz, Bradley), to Lincoln's (Hooker, Pope, Burnside, McClellan, etc.) FDR's personal charisma and tireless devotion to duty in WWII saved the day. <br />Beschloss spends considerably less time on Truman and the well-known facts about the plain from Missouri are repeated: he knew virtually nothing about FDR's war plans in 1945, nothing about the atom bomb and his knowledge of Churchill and Stalin was minimal, to say the least. FDR kept Truman in the dark as Vice President and the two had only met together several times prior to Roosevelt's death in Warm Spring in April, 1945.<br />A weakness of book is undoubtedly Beschloss' lengthy segments on the Morgenthau plan. Though this is important in the scheme of things, it doesn't make for interesting reading. Much stronger are his personal references to the main characters. He includes some little-known facts about FDR's dying moments, including some interesting tid-bits about his cousin, Mrs. Suckley, Eleanor and his mistress from the WWI era, Lucy Mercer. This is an excellent book, sure to please any World War II or FDR buff.
This is a short guidebook devoted to a subject that deserves volumes: hiking in beautiful Lake Tahoe. This guidebook focuses on a very narrow area of the lake, the South Side, and ignores the Nevada side almost totally. This is an irritating omission, even if the majority of great hikes are on Tahoe's south side. There are also some slightly out-of-the-way hikes (like Desert Rose) which are omitted from the book. The predominant focus of this book is on short, easy hikes, the kind of little forays families can take with their children. Thus the most famous and classic Tahoe hike, Mount Tallac, is not mentioned because it's rated as too strenuous. Tinker Knob, at 14 miles, is also ignored.<br />These omissions will unsettle veteran hikers with endurance. But for many more casual folk, this guide will fit their needs to a &quot;T.&quot; If you're interested in short, scenic and not very strenuous outings, then Stone has provided you a piece of Nirvana. His descriptions of the trailheads and directions on how to reach the hikes are adequate and accurate. He also dispenses advice on bug repellent, sunscreen, band-aids and proper footwear. If you decide to embark on some of these short treks, and your fitness level is good, I urge you to tackle more ambitious peaks at Tahoe, the hiking here is beautiful and among the best in the state. Happy hiking!
This is a delightful book and will be enjoyed by adults as well as children. John Muir was a remarkable man and I was surprised that he was also a truly gifted writer. Muir writes in a fun, infectious style similar to Mark Twain. He infuses all of his tales with vivid descriptive words and a dose of humor. It's a pure joy to read and shows what an incredibly courageous, physically fit man he was. I decided to buy this book because for years I have hiked larged sections of the famous John Muir Trail in California. The scenic beauty is so overwhelming that it stimulated my interest in the man for whom the trail was named. All I knew was that Muir was a Scottish-born enviromentalist who had lost his sight and then miraculously regained it. But there is so much more to his story than this.<br />This book will fill you in on many of the adventures Muir experienced. It's amazing that he was able to forge trails and do the things he did in an era when convenience was unheard of. He mapped out the wilderness with nothing more than a compass, a hard set of leg muscles, basic clothing and no comforts. Muir didn't rely on sunglasses, sunscreen, maps, granola bars or cell phones, he was the &quot;real deal&quot; and my respect for him is endless. I can't recommend this book highly enough, it's a joy to read and to learn about this magnificent and underrated man.
This is the best and most complete book on running since Jim Fixx's mammothly successful book 25 years ago. What I like best about the Glover's book is that it has something in it for every runner, from the casual jogger to an elite marathoner. Each chapter focuses on a special area of the sport: injuries, mileage, women's running, seniors, masters runners, even children developing into competitive athletes.<br />The title is instructive: there is an emphasis on competitive running, with the focus primarily in 10K road races to the marathon. Several of the elite and most popular marathons are discussed at length, incuding Boston, L.A., New York and Chicago. There are some useful tips on how to increase your weekly mileage, avoid injury, carbo loading before the race and recovery afterwards. Having completed marathons, I can tell you that it's easy to do than you think and once you start completing the 26.2 mile courses, you'll be hooked for as long as your body will hold out.<br />Running is a joyous activity and one which brings many individual rewards. If you're a serious, addicted runner, you'll love this book, but the beginners will also reap great rewards. It's well-written, fun to read and instructive. Highly recommended.
John Muir is one of the greatest and least appreciated men of the paste 150 years. His fierce determination to preserve the wilderness was a gift to us all. This book does him justice in all ways. Not only is it beautifully written and crafted, the author's empathy and understanding of Muir is evident throughout. Naturally there is an emphasis on Muir's tremendous conservationist efforts, but I was pleased to see material on his early years in Scotland and the emigration to America. Ehrlich also discusses in some detail Muir's loss or sight and his spontaneous restoration of sight. An incredible story in itself.<br />Most of the book is devoted to Muir's tireless environmental work in California. His (ultimately futile) battle to save Hetch Hetchy is described in painful detail. His triumphs are also chronicled, including his epic hiking adventures, trail forging and wilderness activism. This is a first-rate biography of an outstanding human being, and hero to envioronmentalists everywhere.
Though this book is better in the original German (it loses something in the translation), Hamann is a diligent researcher who has unearthed some new facts about Hitler's period in Vienna. She uses primary sources and archive material without merely rehashing what other biographies have written in the past. The Franz Jetzinger book from the 50's is still the standard, definitive version of Hitler's Vienna years, but Hamann does a nice job and weaves in some new material. She also adroitly dismisses some claims from other German authors who have inaccurately written about Hitler's relationship with early roommate, August (Gustl) Kubizek. Thankfully, Hamann doesn't indulge in psychoanalyzing Hitler, which is sort of a deranged cottage industry amongst more recent Hitler biographers.<br />One small criticism is that Hamann veers away from Hitler too frequently. There is a plethora of material about Vienna's political climate in the 1910's, its mayor, the origin of anti-Semitism in the city and other ancillary details. Though all of this is relevant to Hitler, one wishes she would have stayed a bit more on topic. Still, the book is interesting, informative and devoid of errors. If you want to learn more about the young Hitler, this is an acceptable choice.
There have been countless photographic books on Hitler and the Third Reich, but Lorant's book is the absolute best. Published in 1974, it remains the standard by which other books in this genre be judged. The quality of the photos is unsurpassed; their clarity is enhanced by being printed on thick, glossy paper. Books simply aren't published with this standard today, it would be too expensive. The narrative is also excellent and instructive. Lorant lived in Munich throughout the 20's and saw Hitler milling about many times. They ate at the same restaurant, the Cafe Heck, and Lorant watched the young politician throughout this turbulent time.<br />The photos span a generation from Bismarck, to the Kaiser and finally to Hitler. The bulk of the book focuses on Hitler and there are many previously unpublished photos, as well as candid shots of the Fuehrer and his entourage. The photo of Goering playing tennis with a hair net is a classic! Lorant was always a respected photo journalist, his books on Theodore Roosevelt and FDR are other must have photo tomes. But I rank this as his crowning achievement, an essential book for any Third Reich historian.
It's one of my dreams to eventually thru-hike the PCT and I gobble up everything written about this magnificent trail. This book is not so much of a practical guide to the PCT, it's more of a history of the trail. It contains much information on wildflowers, the actual building of the trail, wildlife along the way and other bits of information in this vein. It doesn't contain a detailed description of various sections of the PCT, so it's not especially useful to someone about to start this adventure. If you're simply into the &quot;thinking about it someday&quot; stage, or planning a thru-hike in the next few years, then the book is relevant and interesting. Section hikers, like myself, can derive much useful info from several chapters.<br />The photos are all in black and white, but are stunning, especially the ones near Mammoth and Yosemite. I would have liked it had Berger given more personal experiences and thoughts about her own thru hike, but she sprinkles bits of wisdom and experience throughout the narrative. If you're about the embark on this classic adventure, this book probably won't assist you on your way. But if you just like to read about the Pacific Crest Trail and delight in thinking you'll undertake this journey someday, then this is right up your alley.
This is a book geared more towards novice hikers than experienced ones. If you're new to the sport and have never laced up your boots, then this guide will help you immeasurably. There are fitness tips and other essential bits of information that you should know. However, if you're an avid, experienced climber, then this book probably won't help you a great deal. So much of the material is well-known to people who've been hitting the trails for awhile. Examples of this are reminders to take extra socks, sunscreen, trekking poles and insect repellent. While these tips would benefit a newbie hiker, such information is superfluous to most others.<br />There are no photographs, but each hike is described in detail and there is an accurate map and trailhead information included for each trek. There is an emphasis on easier, shorter hikes, but the tough &quot;butt kickers&quot; like Shasta, Baldy, San G., Alta Peak and Whitney are not forgotten. There is a ranking system for each hike in terms of difficulty and in general, the system is fair and judicious. Perhaps it errs on the side of being overly generous on what is difficult and what hike is a stroll in the park. In short, a good guide, particularly for beginners.
So many people love Benny Goodman's music, but know so little about the man himself. Hopefully, all of you Benny aficionados will take a crack at this excellent, well-written biography. Firestone has done copious amounts of research, interviewed many people close to BG and has produced an absolutely definitive look at the King of Swing. From cradle to grave, this provides readers with information on Benny as a musician and also as a(oftentimes difficult) human being. If you want a detailed musical analysis of Goodman, you will find it here, but there is also a gossip-y element which adds considerable spice.<br />Firestone illuminates Goodman's jazz beginnings, the early sidemen gigs in the 20's and then the genesis of the Swing band in the mid-30's. It was great to have thumbnail portraits of the great musicians Benny's early bands, they're all here: the frenetic, pot-loving Gene Krupa, the arrogant Harry James, the gentle Teddy Wilson and the phenomenal Lionel Hampton. At the core is Goodman himself, an extremely hard task master, perfectionist and driven man. Firestone details how nit-picky Benny could be, demanding take after take on various album cuts until it all sounded &quot;perfect.&quot; Goodman's notorious cheapskate ways are also detailed.<br />If you love Goodman's music, then treat yourself to discovering what Goodman was like behind the scenes: difficult, ambitious and addicted to prescription pain killers in later years. Yet despite it all, who could swing like this man? No one.
I enjoy all of the Winnett books because they are accurate, fun to read and reliable. This book has little chapters on over 100 trips in the Sierra range, and the descriptions of each trek are a total delight. So often these hiking books neglect to tell you how to reach the trailhead and oftentimes they don't provide detailed instructions. Winnett never makes this mistake. You will not need a separate map to locate any of the trailheads, his maps and written instructions are first-rate. Equally interesting is that this book doesn't merely give elevation gains, difficulty ratings and desriptions of the trail conditions. These are vital to know, but Winnett also includes little bits of information of what kinds of wild flowers you will encounter, birds, wildlife and other little nuggets neglected in other guides.<br />The book is supposed to be only for overnight backpacking trips, but there are many trails here that can be used for day hikes. These trips will be in the 10-16 mile range and any strong hiker can easily do these hikes in one day. If you do choose to go the multi-day backpacking route, Winnett describes water sources, camping sites and addresses whether bears or marmots might be a problem for you. Most importantly, he tells you where to find water and whether the water source is reliable throughout the whole year.<br />I can't recommend this guide highly enough. Even if you're an armchair hiker, you'll derive many hours of vicarious joy from this guide.
The photographs of the PCT by Bart Smith will take your breath away. I've section hiked long parts of the PCT and the sheer beauty of certain parts is etched in my mind forever. This book brings back a flood of memories and makes you feel as if you're back on the trail, enjoying all the stunning vistas, meadows and expanses of wildflowers. Though the photos are the backbone of the book, there is also an interesting narrative by Karen Berger, who has written several other thru-hiking books about the PCT. Berger tells about her own hiking experiences on the trail and the text is never intrusive, merely instructive and entertaining. She narrates a story about her time spent near Thousand Mile Lake near Mammoth and alongside is a stunning color photo of the lake.<br />Anyone with an interest in the Sieraa range, the PCT, hiking or who simply enjoys beautiful photographs, will gravitate to this guide. Rarely have so many sumptuous pictures been grouped together in one volume. If you're not a hiker, this book very likely will persuade you to get in shape and hit the trail. The vast majority of scenic wilderness in the United States can never be seen from a car window. You must lace up your shoes and get out there. I highly recommend this book for its simple beauty and awesome photos. If it persuades one coach potato to explore the endless beauty of California, then it's worth its purchase.
Beschloss writes extremely well, in a breezy, chatty, informal way that makes it seem as if he's sitting in your living room, narrating the story. He takes complicated events and reduces them to human terms and even a history novice could comprehend this plot as it unfolds. The star of the show is undoubtedly Franklin Roosevelt, the most important personage of the Big Three and arguably, the most interesting. Roosevelt's leadership during WWII is extremely difficult to criticize, because he surrounded himself with magnificent minions, led by the incomparable George C. Marshall. FDR's military meddling was minimal, his judgments on subordinates superb. Contrast his military selections (MacArthur, Ike, Halsey, Nimitz, Bradley), to Lincoln's (Hooker, Pope, Burnside, McClellan, etc.) FDR's personal charisma and tireless devotion to duty in WWII saved the day.<br />Beschloss spends considerably less time on Truman and the well-known facts about the plain from Missouri are repeated: he knew virtually nothing about FDR's war plans in 1945, nothing about the atom bomb and his knowledge of Churchill and Stalin was minimal, to say the least. FDR kept Truman in the dark as Vice President and the two had only met together several times prior to Roosevelt's death in Warm Spring in April, 1945.<br />A weakness of book is undoubtedly Beschloss' lengthy segments on the Morgenthau plan. Though this is important in the scheme of things, it doesn't make for interesting reading. Much stronger are his personal references to the main characters. He includes some little-known facts about FDR's dying moments, including some interesting tid-bits about his cousin, Mrs. Suckley, Eleanor and his mistress from the WWI era, Lucy Mercer. This is an excellent book, sure to please any World War II or FDR buff.
So many Beatles-related books trot out the same photos, again and again. You all know the ones I'm talking about. But this book is decidedly and refreshingly different. I have many Lennon biographies in my library and this book contains many previously unpublished photos of John, especially ones from his childhood and in the period 1975-1980. The paper quality in the book is exceptional and is thick, glossy material which results in a stunning display of black and white vibrancy. The text is incidental but adds flavor and gives you the year each photo was taken.<br />The photos of the Beatles are a little weaker, and contain many previously known shots. But the individual pictures of John are outstanding. Consider the beautiful profile view on the cover of the book, taken in 1967. This is just a sampling of what this treasure trove has to offer. There are many other such nuggets within the covers. Any serious fan of John Lennon will adore this book and get many hours of pleasure perusing these photos of a great cultural and musical icon. John himself would scoff at such a description, but it's oh so true.
How well I remember when this book was published in 1977. I was a teenager and hardly anyone I knew jogged or ran for pleasure. In those days it was rare to see anyone on the street actually doing exercise. With this book, Jim Fixx revolutionized the world of exercise, and especially the sport of running. This book precipitated the running boom of the late 70's when every granny laced up her New Balance's or Saucony's and hit the streets. Jim Fixx was an overweight business executive who began running simply because he wanted to improve his tennis game. He loved running so much that he gave up tennis to concentrate on increasing his weekly running mileage.<br />Fixx writes extremely well and it's still hard to put this down. It's held up remarkably well in the intervening 25 years and the information is still current and just as riveting as it was back then. Fixx has special chapters on kids running, women, senior citizens, injuries and the Boston marathon. He spends considerable detail on expounding upon the magical &quot;runner's high&quot; which occurs on runs lasting more than 45 minutes. Based on considerable personal experience, I will say that the runner's high is freequently elusive, but you'll know when you get it.<br />Jim Fixx died of a heart attack in the late 1980's while running on a quiet Vermont road. Unfortunately, this became the butt of some late night jokes made by overweight comics thinking it was ironic that a running guru would die of a heart attack. But Jim Fixx has the last laugh: he helped usher in the running boom and cement this avocation in the lives of millions of people. This is an outstanding book, as interesting and readable as it was when it was first published all those years ago.
Everything Bill Harry publishes on the Beatles is always a high quality, well-researched effort and this is no exception. It's not hyperbole to say that this book contains virtually everything you ever wanted to know about Lennon; the details are prodigious, and it spans over 1,000 pages of text. It's an almost day by day chronicle of Lennon's life from 1940 until his tragic death in 1980. Casual fans might suffocate under the weight of all this info, but for Lennon fanatics, like me, this is nirvana.<br />The book is equally divided between personal material about John, his relationships, marriages, divorce, and two sons, and his professional career. His partnership with Paul is explored in exhaustive and fascinating detail and no discernible bias can be seen. Bill Harry has written about all of the Beatles but one can never tell which one is his favorite. That's a notable strength in his writing, he has no agenda or axe to grind, he just presents the glorious facts of the Fab Four. The index is easy to follow and cross-referenced so you can easily find what you're looking for.<br />If you are a serious fan of John Lennon, this is an indispensible guide to his songwriting, personality and his life. If only he had been allowed more than 40 years on earth, how many more classic songs would he have written? Sadly, we will never know, but this celebration of his life is as good as it gets.
This is a mindlessly bad book, I'm only giving it a generous 2 stars because of the chapters on George's solo career. Amazingly, George has yet to attract a quality biographer or someone who will put in diligent research to capture his essence and character. Shapiro conducted one (you read it correctly) interview and has no understanding whatsoever of the Beatles or their incomparable history together. The errors are contiunous throughout, some of the minor, some of the them not, but their collective weight dooms this travesty.<br />Everything in the book up until 1970 is merely re-hashed from previous, superior, Harrison biographies. There's nothing new, no novel analysis, nothing. The same trite stories we've heard since 1963 are repeated, with the mistakes intact. Shapiro does improve somewhat after the Beatles demise and George's solo career is not glossed over. Still, there is an absence of any depth throughout. What did George think of Lennon's assassination, how did that tragic event unfold in George's mind? You'll get no answers here, except to say George was paranoid about his security after 1980. What about George's relationship with Clapton after Eric married Harrison's ex-wife, Pattie? Again, nothing.<br />George Harrison was one-fourth of the greatest musical group in the history of man. That alone makes him a compelling subject, but you'd never know it from reading this dismal book.
A cautionary note: don't buy this book expecting it to help you do a day hike of Mt. Whitney on the main trail. This is not that type of book and doesn't contain much information about this. This guide mainly focuses on other peaks in the Eastern Sierra Nevada range and concentrates on alternate routes to the Whitney peak, such as Cottonwood lakes and the routes via the John Muir trail. There's also some interesting information on the Meysan Lakes trailhead and instructions on how to summit Whitney via this diffuclt and little-used trail (as least all the way to the summit).<br />If you like many maps and topographical information, this guide is great. They also have small elevation maps which detail the route and how many feet you have to ascend on any given trail. There is a long history of Mt. Whitney, from the first time it was climbed in the 1860's until now. Sometimes this history gets a little wordy, I felt, but if you want to know personal details of the hiker killed by lightning in 1904, then you will emjoy the extra verbiage.<br />So, if you're planning a day hike of Whitney, this book is not for you, but if you're a multi-day backpacker with a thirst for maps and the history of the region, then you'd enjoy this guide.
The somewhat neglected Beatle gets his just rewards in this beautifully produced book which is memorable chiefly because of the photographs. Many are by noted early Beatle photographer Dezo Hoffman and they are stunning and previously unpublished. I have hundreds of Beatles books and this one comes into its own solely because of the weight and merit of the photos. The text is another matter. There are several glaring errors (George and Patty were not married in 1965, but a year later) and the analysis of George and Eastern mysticism is a not quite accurate. The description of Harrison's personal friendship with Ravi left something to be desired.<br />In addition, this is revisionist history and it's understandable, since the book was hustled into circulation on the heels of George's untimely death. But it's a stretch, to put it mildly, to place Harrison in the same league as Lennon & McCartney as a songwriter. Ouch! I love George as much as anyone, but still expect truthful history to be written.<br />Another nice aspect is that much space is devoted to George's post-Beatles career, a period which spanned more than 30 years and left us with some magical songs. It was wonderful to see much text devoted to George's relationships with Dylan, Petty, Orbison and Jeff Lynne. If you are a George fan, this is an essential contribution to your library.
This is a good hiking book to have along with the Robinson California hiking bibles. Jerry Schad is an experienced hiker who has done all the hikes described within the text. He has a nice little ranking system for each journey, from ranges from one star for easy treks and 4 stars for the strenuous ones. I do think his ranking system is just a trifle soft. Some of the hikes that get 4 stars aren't really that difficult, nor do they have exceptional elevation gains. But this is a minor criticism.<br />The maps are OK, nothing exceptional, but he does adequately describe how to drive to each trailhead. As all hikers know, this can make or break a hike, especially ones you've never before attempted. Schad does a good job in getting you to the trailhead with the least amount of hassle. There is an over-abundance of hikes in the Santa Monica and Santa Ana mountains and not a particular emphasis on the better hiking adventures in the San Bernardino wilderness areas. His descriptions of two classic Southern California hikes are both flawed, however: the venerable San Gorgonio is described only from the Vivian Creek trailhead and (a more egregious omission)- the Mt. Baldy hike is described only from the ski lift way. The other approaches to Baldy are much superior, but are omited. This is a curious error.<br />All in all, a good book and one which every hiker in the L.A. area should own.
If you love Sinatra, you gotta love this no-holds-barred gossip session with George Jacobs, a man who knew Frank as his valet and worked for him for decades. I've read plenty of tell-alls regarding the Chairman, and most of them are predictable and merely dish the dirt we already know about. But Jacobs was in a unique position to gather incredibly large gobs of gossip and retain the memory into old age. I, for one, am grateful for the chance to read these wildingly entertaining recollections. If you want dirt on the Rat Pack, you'll find it here. Dino was nothing like his public persona, Lawford was a cheap coke-addicted fool and Sammy was... well, you'll have to read it for yourself. Sammy comes off badly here, something of a racist against his own race.<br />The portrait of Frank that emerges is that of a curiously insecure, frightened man. He was a monstrously talented fellow (as we all know), but he was also someone afraid to get older, afraid someone would notice his wig or make-up or afraid the younger women he bedded might prefer someone with a little less mileage. He had affairs with all these women because he was insecure and wanted to prove something, as least this is the author's spin. Jacobs details Frank's hundreds of conquests, from a teenage Natalie Wood, to Juliet Prowse and Monroe. Also here are Frank's wives, with the exception of Barbara Marx, who entered the scene after Jacobs had been sacked. It's obvious Jacobs respected and liked Ava Garder very much; she is the only person in here who isn't slammed or vilified and his gossip on her is pretty restrained.<br />If you're looking for a musical biography of Sinatra, read Friedwald's book. But if you want sex, women, emotional hang-ups and pure, old-fashioned dirt on Hollywood, then this is your book, baby!
This book purports to be the definitive Mitchum biography, but that's difficult to do when you have not interviewed his widow or any of his sons. Other people important to the Mitchum legend are absent in the narrative and list of interviews. Bob was a cantankerous, enigmatic, distant man and he was extremely difficult to know. Cutting through the layers of insecurity and Mitchum's deliberate obfuscation is a daunting prospect, but this biograpy fails at its fundamental purpose: to explain the subject to its readers.<br />The strong area os the book is in describing (sometimes in minute detail), Mitchum's various screen performances. These desciptions are interesting but devoid of many human interactions. I would have been interested to know about Mitchum's off-screen relationships with his co-stars: how did he and Deborah Kerr get along, or Polly Bergen? Unless Mitchum had an affair with a co-star, there isn't much about them within these pages and that was disappointing. There is a similar lack of material on his male co-stars, with the exception of John Wayne.<br />As for the gossip angle, forget it. Much of what's here we already knew: the pot bust, the booze binges, the hell-raiser lifestyle and the endless array of women. Mitchum was gorgeous, sexy and as masculine as they come, but why did his affairs always end up badly and why were they usually so short in duration? Answers to these types of questions aren't to be found.<br />If you want a fairly clinical disection of Mitchum with an emphasis on his acting ability, then you will savor this effort. But if you want a more personal revelation, look elsewhere.
I love Macca as much as anyone, but this entire \\"Avant Garde\\" trip he's been on the past five years has reached its limit with the publication of this book. What began with the ridiculous Barry Miles book reaches its dismal heights here. All of this is a result of Paul feeling insecure and discarded after John's death. He quite rightly decries those few cretins who proclaim, \\"Paul contributed nothing to the Beatles, he merely booked the studio.\\" That balderdash is refuted by the fact that most of the Beatles truly great songs were penned solely by Paul. A list, you ask? How about Here, There and Everywhere, Yesterday, Let it Be, Eleanor Rigby, Hey Jude, For No One, to name but a few.<br />Paul can never attain John's status. For one thing, he's alive and John is not. Macca should count his considerable blessings that he's not a martyr and he should get over the fact that a large segment of intelligent, discerning Beatles fans will always prefer John's style and John's songs. John was the Avant Garde pioneer of the group, Paul wrote beautiful, catchy melodies. They complimented one another to a degree never seen before or since in popular music. McCartney can never win in any posthumous competition with Lennon and all of these self-serving books merely addresses his own insecurities.<br />I adore Paul, but enough is enough. The book is a waste of time and merely rehashes everything from the Miles book. Anyone who seriously buys into the clap-trap that the lyrics to C Moon are as great as I am the Walrus or Come Together needs to get some therapy.
This book was published in 1968 and was written by the grandson of General Grant. US Grant III had unique access to Grant family papers and other material not generally known by outsiders or historians. Curiously, Grant used very little of this insider material and instead produced an extremely flat portrait of his illustrious namesake grandfather. There is absolutely nothing new and Grant trots out absurdly long passages from his grandfather's memoirs in an obvious effort at padding the book. Much of the material is taken almost directly from Grant's illustrious Personal Memoirs. There is no critical analysis of events and of course the narrative is so uncritical as to be fawning. One would naturally expect a certain degree of bias, but this is hagiography.<br />Grant III also drops the ball in another area. He was four years old when the elder Grant died in 1885. In interviews he sometimes spoke about his recollections and personal memories of him when he was a child. These memories would have enlivened this otherwise dead tome, but he inexplicably chooses not to include them here. Considering the position Grant III was in and his unrestricted access to anecdotes and material denied to outsiders, this is a crashing, numbing disappointment. This is a missed opportunity of the highest order.
This is the definitive look at the last year of General Grant. Pitkin writes well and the book is well-researched, factual and reliable. The narrative begins when Grant bites into a peach in the summer of 1884 and thinks an insect has stung him in the throat. In fact this was the first signal that he was suffering from throat cancer. Pitkin guides the reader through the maze of pain and suffering Grant endured while writing his magnificent memoirs. You will learn about his near-death episode in April, 1885 when the doctors believed he was about to die. Instead Grant miraculously ralied and lived another three months, enough time to complete his book.<br />Also included are descriptions of the important personal relationships in Grant's life. You will meet his four children, his devoted wife, and Mark Twain, the man who adored Grant and who became his publisher. Anyone who reads this book will come away with a renewed appreciation for Grant's valor, courage and tremendous ability to withstand pain in order to provide a financial legacy to his destitute family. I highly recommend this book, it's exceptional.
Bruce Catton was the man who salvaged Ulysses Grant's flagging reputation in the 1950's and 60's, and restored him to his deserved place in the pantheon of America's greats. Catton wrote a marvelous trilogy of Grant's military career and also wrote this little gem which is, by a wide margin, the best introductory work ever written on Grant. This isn't intended for people who are civil war historians or who have a vast knowledge of Grant. It's meant for those who know little about Grant and are curious to learn more. Look no further than the pages of this book.<br />Catton understands Grant nearly to perfection, and this is a hard task given his subject's inscrutible nature. He admires him tremendously and the reader will undoubtedly share his feelings by the end of the book. Grant was an immensely likeable, honest and decent man; he loved his wife, his children and his country and sacrficied immensely for them all. One weakness here is that Catton gives very short shrift to Grant's Presidency; he seems to run out of gas a trifle after Appomattox.<br />If you are new to Grant and want to learn more, this is *the* book to purchase. You won't be sorry.
I purchased this book because I admire Carol Buckley's work at the Elephant Sanctuary in Hohenwald, Tennessee. For several years, I watched the heroine of this book, the Asian elephant Tarra, on the Sanctuary's website &quot;Elecam,&quot; which records the elephants movements during the day. I vicariously fell in love with Tarra from watching her daily movements and was determined to learn more about her past life. This book provided me with a loving history of Tarra, how Carol came to meet her as a baby, purchased her and eventually take her around performing for the next 15 years.<br />But Carol Buckley had a conscience and a heart. She realized that Tarra was sick and tired of her life as a captive circus elephant. Even though Tarra was treated better than 99.9% of other circus animals, she still grew bored and frustrated with a life pleasing humans and living isolated from others of her own kind. The black and white photos of Tarra with Carol show her life as a performer. Finally, Carol was able to do something few of us are able to achieve: she was able to live her dream by creating a Sanctuary for abused, homeless and unwanted Asian elephants (soon to include African elephants as well). Tarra was the first inhabitant of the Sanctuary, and she was soon joined by others. The book also documents Tarra's happy new life in the company of other female Asian elephants.<br />This is a heartwarming, true story of Tarra and Carol. For anyone who loves elephants and is a compassionate soul, this is the book for you. Hopefully other needy elephants will someday get the opportunity of living in Hohenwald and getting to know both Tarra and Carol. Great book!
Earl Schenck Miers will never win any prizes for being a respected military historian, but this book on the Vicksburg campaign has definite merit. If you're seeking a purely military analysis of the campaign, this will not meet your needs. But if you're more interested in the human side of the conflict, then Miers delivers the goods, particularly when it comes to the person of Ulysses S. Grant, the most integral figure in the Vicksburg saga. Miers writes sympathetically and with grace about the Union's greatest general. He has an inherent understanding of Grant's simple, shy, pleasing nature. Miers writes with great accuracy and perception about the marriage between General and Mrs. Grant. This was an unusually happy arrangement and Grant was always uneasy when she was not around him.<br />When this book was published in 1956, it created a furor amongst Grant's descendants and some historians. Why? Miers related an incident where Grant imbibes too much on a steamer and has to be put to bed to sleep it off. Fifty years ago such accusations made the fur fly, but no more. There are better books on the Vicksburg campaign and don't expect any military speculation or analysis here. But if your main focus is on Grant, then Miers does a commendable job.
Gun wrote this book in 1967 and it remains the definitive look at Eva Braun. He employed the John Toland philosophy of historical writing, which is to seek out, interview and delve into the memories of people who actually knew Eva Braun. Thus Gun contributed greatly to our understanding of Braun because he interviewed her two sisters, her mother and her best friend, Herta Schneider. Their information is priceless and of course, they are all since deceased.<br />Gun makes very few factual errors and these are trivial in nature. He takes the reader through Hitler and Eva's first meeting in 1929 up until their joint suicide in the Berlin bunker. Perhaps most importantly, Gun provides ample evidence that Hitler was not the sexual pervert, homosexual, or impotent puppet that other, more recent, books purport to &quot;prove.&quot; Gun amply shows that Hitler was normal sexually and he and Eva had a pretty pedestrian, average private life, devoid of whips, chains, or other perversions.<br />This remains an excellent biography of Eva Braun. I recommend it highly.
This is a simple story of an amazing journey, narrated by a man who writes in a refreshingly open manner. Whether you enjoy walking or not, or whether you have the slightest interest in the geography or social customs of the United States, this book is written for everyone who has a desire to read a beautiful story.<br />Peter Jenkins walks across America in this book, with his faithful, tireless companion, his dog Cooper. The dog is an integral part of this story and almost made me go out and buy one of Cooper's breed. He is the epitome of what a dog should be, and canine lovers will adore all the little vignettes about this amazing fellow. Of course there are setbacks, heartaches and crises along the way, but there are also some old-fashioned heartwarming moments as well. The people in the South are especially helpful to a thirsty, hungry traveler. Jenkins' stories of their hospitality is touching.<br />Yes, there are a few sections of the book which border almost on the mawkish and the &quot;aw, shucks&quot; John Denver-ish approach of the main character might seem a little dated or folksy. But I challenge the naysayers to attempt (and succeed) at what Jenkins managed to do, it's an amazing book and one which many people will read in a single evening. One note: there is a second part to this narrative, which encompases the rest of the journey across America. This book is also available on Amazon.
This is an indispensible guidebook for any hiker in California. I use it almost daily during hiking season and it helps in selecting hikes, planning them, reaching the trailhead and gauging whether a hike will be worthwhile. Each hike contains a ranking system, one for the beauty of the hiking, the other for the difficulty factor in reaching the summit. Occasionally I quibble with the authors ranking of a given hike, but usually they are on the mark.<br />A few cautionary notes: there are no maps in the book, except general maps which introduce the hiker to each specific region. Don't expect detailed maps for each hike because there are none. The descriptions of how to reach each trailhead also leave a little to be desired. A few I have found to be outdated, but in a book including 1,000 hikes, that's to be expected. Plan accordingly and expect a few glitches. There are also some outstanding hikes that are (inexplicably) not included in the book. One prime example would be the Lone Pine campground to Lone Pine Lake hike near Mt. Whitney. This omission is a curious one, but one can't expect one book to cover every hike in a state as large as California.<br />My favorite part of the book is the ranking system used at the beginning. The authors have various categories and list the hikes they think are best suited to be placed in every league. For example, they have \\"butt kickers\\" and \\"most beautiful views.\\" Again, many readers might quibble with their choices (is the view from the summit of Whitney really anything special?) but they are correct more often than not. If you spend any time hiking in California, this book is essential.
The inherent problem with this book is that it's stretched too thin and tries to cover to many personalities. Charles Dana and Greeley are ancillary players in the civil war drama; there's enough material on Grant and journalists to warrant a study of him alone. In addition, Charles Dana deliberately muddied the historical waters by having others ghostwrite his memoirs and constantly changing this stories or giving conflicting testimony about various events.<br />Maihofer writes well and certainly displays a prejudice in General Grant's favor. There are few factual errors and the pace is lively. However, the book would have been improved had he restricted the narrative to U.S. Grant and eliminated Dana and Greeley. Ultimately this makes for a somewhat disjointed book and one is sorely temped to skip over the chapters with the two minor supporting players.
The color photographs alone make this a &quot;must have&quot; guidebook if you enjoy hiking in Colorado. Each hike is described in some detail with a ranking of how strenuous each trek is considered. The text is concise and to the point, but gives an adequate feel of each hike. There is at least one color photo for each journey and the photos are simply superb. Many such photos were the sole reason I decided to hike some of these mountains and I was never disappointed. You can literally spend hours just pouring over the incredible photos.<br />The quality of the book is superb. The pages are heavy glossy paper and the paperback binding holds up after major 1,000+ mile car journeys I've made with the book thrown in the backseat. If you buy one guidebook about hiking in Colorado, make it this one. I highly recommend it for the description of each trail and the stupendous photographs.
This is the standard book in assisting novice Whitney hikers to the summit. If you have never hiked the main trail to Whitney, or if you want to try the alternate routes, then this is a a well-written guide, with insight from an experienced hiker and climber. There is ample information on how to secure a permit for the main trail, when to contact the Ranger Station and additional info on the annual May lottery.<br />However, there are some problems with the author's descriptions of various other trails and this is imperative to point out. For example, the Meysan Lakes chapter claims that anyone can summit Mt. Whitney via the Meysan Lakes trailhead. This is problematic at best, and a falsehood at its worse. There is a trail to Meysan Lakes, but there is *no trail* afterwards until you hook up with the main Whitney Trail. The author fails to mention that an any hiker attempting the middle sections of this trail must have developed route-finding skills and this section would be a class 3 hike. This is omited from the book and consequently, could cause hikers somes serious problems.<br />I also quibble with the author's assessment of what is difficult and what is not. I've summited Whitney many times and regard a time of 11 hours (when not trail running) as pretty swift. However, the author says that \\"standard\\" or average time in hiking Whitney is 10 hours for a day hike. This is a little elitist and only well-conditioned hikers make it in that time. This also presents novices with faulty information. When they struggle to get done in 16 hours, they might rely on this book's information and regard that time as pathetic.<br />So be careful with this guide and the information contained within. I still recommend it, and the elevation maps for each trail are interesting. I respect the author, who has summited Whitney via the various routes described and who has even done Everest. But check around with others before attempting any trail aside from the main one and best of luck.ck.
The only people who would enjoy this book are those who are convinced that aliens have abucted them and hijacked them to other universes. This book is pure science fiction from start to finish and poorly written fiction. Let's get down to brass tacks:<br />The evidence that Hitler and Eva Braun died in the Berlin bunker at 3:30 in the afternoon on April 30, 1945 is irrefutible. Both commited suicide. There are multiple eyewitnesses who saw the  corpses and who survived to tell the story, either in Russian captivity, on American TV or to dozens of different historians over the years. All saw Eva Braun dead and saw her incinerated in the garden of the Chancellery.<br />Only the most perverted and uneducated mind could possibly believe for a single milesecond that Eva Braun escaped from the Bunker. Aside from the fact that almost no one escaped alive and got into the American sector at this impossibly late date, what would Eva's motive have been? Hmmm?? She risked her life by traveling to Berlin to die at Hitler's side. He rewarded her loyalty by marrying her the day before their joint suicide. According to the author, Eva then (inexplicably) deserts Hitler and successfully escapes from the Bunker?<br />Never mind that this is a physical and emotional impossibility for her. Forget that there are no eyewitnesses, either in the Bunker or anyone who saw her alive after 4-30-45. Let's sweep under the carpet that Eva, a devoted family person, never bothered to visit or see her parents again, or her two sisters, Gretl or Ilse.<br />This book is insulting in its premise, torpid in style and ridiculous in all areas. Avoid it like the plague, it's pure fantasy.
This book is a novel written by a cousin of Eva Braun, who never met Eva until 1944. She spent a few weeks at her side, but admits in interviews that she never met Adolf Hitler, nor did she ever speak to him. Even more insulting to the reader is that Eva never spoke about Hitler to her cousin. The reader is then forced to ask, \\"What is the point of this book?\\"<br />The answer is... nothing. Being a blood relative of Eva Braun doesn't entitle one to write a book which contains nothing whatsoever of interest, either historically or emotionally. The content is desultory and devoid any new nuggets on Hitler. Though it's written with reasonable skill, the end result is boredom for the reader. Had the author not been related to Eva Braun it would never have found a publisher, and that would have been the most pleasant outcome of all.
Readers expecting a plethora of new information on Hitler will be sorely disappointed. Von Below is a pedantic, careful and very dry reteller of history and his memoirs seem contrived in points and highly self-serving. Many reviews point out that von Below never heard Hitler mention the Jews or the death camps, but this is quite believable. Hitler compartmentalized all personal relationships and why would he mention these any atrocities to his Luftwaffe adjutant?<br />Von Below doesn't really tell us anything new about Hitler, and his personal anecdotes are tragically few. He comes up with some pithy observations on Goering and Goebbels, but it's frustrating that he doesn't elaborate more on Hitler, his entourage, or the inner workings at the Berghof, the Chancellory or in various wartime HQ's.<br />The book's main flaw is that it ends almost mid-word and mid-sentence. There is no explanation of what happened to von Below after the war, he simply stops the narrative and packs up shop. Very curious indeed. One improvement over the German-language version is the addition of notes, an expanded index and some editorial inclusions. Another weakness is that von Below was never close to Hitler, nor part of his intimate personal entourage. His transactions with Hitler were generally of a military, not personal, nature, but don't expect many fireworks in this dry tome.
If you're interested in Hitler's life in Munich and want to visit the city and track down his old haunts, then this book will be right up your alley. I can't imagine there's a high demand for such a specialized work, but I first purchased this in 1989 in Germany and found is very useful.<br />Munich was Hitler's favorite city, where he had his apartment at 16 Prinzregentenplatz, where he had his &quot;Stammtisch&quot; at the Osteria Bavaria and the Cafe Heck, and where he spent the bulk of his private time after WWI. It was here that he met Eva Braun and where he provided her with a home at 12 Wasserburgerstrasse in Bogenhausen. All of these places still exist and can be visited by the curious. This book will aid you in your journey, as it contains detailed maps and descriptions of many Hitler-related venues in the Bavarian capitol.<br />Increasingly, people are discovering that despite massive Allied bombing, Munich is, in some places, remarkably unchanged from the period when Hitlerlived here. Few places are as evocative or unchanged at his pre-war apartment, at 41 Thierschstrasse. If you want directions on how to get there, purchase this book and follow the map. You'll be walking in history's footsteps.
Yes, this book carries a hefty price tag and its paltry number of illustrations grates a bit on the nerves. But the content within the covers is absolutely amazing. Any serious fan of Bing will beg, borrow or possibly steal this tome because it's fasincating and detailed.<br />Do you want to know where Bing was or what he was doing on May 12, 1941? Easy, just flip to the entry for that date. The littlest bit of trivia is included and it makes for sometimes amusing reading. Bing caught four fish on this date in 1956, he played 36 holes of golf at the Bel Air Country Club on this date in 1942... it's all here. It's incredible to realize how multi-faceted Bing was and what a full life he led, truly something to be envied.<br />Rounding out the book is a complete discography and an index which is complete and easy to follow. This is a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone seriously interested in the career of this laid-back, phlegmatic legend. I highly recommend this beautiful volume.
Max Domarus intitially published this book in Germany in the early 60's and this is the first attempt at translating this massive work. The results are a mixed bag. This set is obviously intended only for people with a serious interest in Hitler. The price alone with preclude any casual readers from investing in these volumes.<br />The books contain many of Hitler's speeches and these oftentimes make boring reading. Hitler was a superlative orator, but without him delivering the words, they invariably fall flat. It is scarcely edifying to read Hitler's speeches and that is what the bulk of this set is all about. However, Domarus' includes his own remarks and editing, all of which are superb. He includes little vignettes about Hitler's entourage, daily habits and private life, and his insights are both informative and accurate.<br />So if you're seriously into this period of history and have a strong willingness to shell out big bucks for some superb editing, then this is your baby.
Hans Baur was Hitler's pilot from 1932 until his death in 1945. He had unique personal access to Hitler and spent many hours in his presence. Unfortunately, Baur is not a particularly gifted storyteller and his personal characterizations of Hitler and other leading Nazi figures leaves something to be desired. Baur's memory is also highly suspect, as his years in Russian captivity proved conclusively. Baur continually changed his story, mis-remembered salient points in history and just plain forgot the gist of many historical moments.<br />Still, the memoirs are are interesting read. Baur gives his reflections and opinions on such diverse people in Hitler's entourage as Eva Braun, Goebbels, Himmler, Goering and Hess. He narrates the story of when he begs Hitler to flee Berlin in April, 1945 and allow Baur to fly him to safety. Hitler says wearily, &quot;I will die here in Berlin.&quot;<br />Unfortunately, Baur doesn't tell much about losing his leg and spending 11 torturous years in Russian captivity. Now that would have been fascinating! Another missed opportunity, but there's enough interesting material elsewhere to justify the purchase of his recollections.
Initially I was flabbergasted that anyone would reprint this epic work from 1879. I have the original two-volume set and in its original form it is dated, to say the least. The voluminous set contained so much filler material that it resembled an elaborate travelogue when General and Mrs. Grant appear only occasionally. In thousands of pages of text and line drawings, Grant appears in only 25% of the total pages.<br />However, this new edition is edited by Michael Fellman and he does quite a nifty job in eliminating the extraneous material and retaining the essentially great elements of Young's original volumes. The heart of the book is Grant's table talk, where he spoke with rare candor about some of his civil war contemporaries such as Lee, Longstreet, Jackson, Sheridan and Sherman. These comments still resonate today, and rarely did Grant speak about these men at such length or with such perception.<br />John Russell Young idolized Grant and saw in him the qualities that make him the quintessential American hero. Grant was a bashful, hopelessly naive and honest man, and these traits come through in this work, illuminating his wry humor and extremely likeable character. Fellman has done well in editing this new version which focuses the reader on Grant and not trivial details about flowers, luggage or place settings. A nice book!
I have read this book in the original German, and much of the problem with this version is the translation. The translator doesn't inject the book with as much verve and spark as was present in the original German-language version. The best part of this book is the chapter on Eva Braun, where Sigmund correctly dispels the myth that Hitler's sexuality was in any way perverted, or that he forced a life of celibacy onto Eva Braun. Eva's diary alone dispels that nonsense, and the diary is quoted from liberally here.<br />The chapter on Magda Goebbels is also interesting and reveals that Magda married her husband solely to be near Hitler, the man she really loved. What a tangled web these Nazi ladies wove!<br />This is part of a three-volume set and the weakness is that Sigmund throws in quite peripheral Nazi ladies, such as Sister Pia and even some actresses who scarcely knew Hitler. She should stick to stalwarts like Eva, Leni Riefenstahl, Mimi Reiter and others who were close to Hitler, either personally or professionally.<br />To sum up, not a bad introduction to the women of Hitler's Germany, but poorly translated and too much filler.
This is a reasonably good, though dry, effort at examining the life of the mellifluous-voiced British actor, James Mason. The book is paced well and there is a fair amount of information on most of his movies. However, there is a lack of information on Mason's personal life, especially regarding his unusual first marriage to the ascerbic Pamela Mason.<br />Though Pamela Mason was a loud-mouthed and shrewish adulteress, she was also extremely witty and interesting in her own right. Anyone who recalls her appearences on L.A. TV shows from the 60's and 70's will still chuckle at her endless tirades, usually ending with the predictable sentence, &quot;James was so dull.&quot;<br />This book actually provides convincing evidence that James *was* boring. Mason comes off as depressed, rigid, indecisive and inrodinately unhappy. He makes many poor choices and instead of getting over them and getting on with his life, he broods about the negative consequences of his actions. For example, he moves to Hollywood and instantly detests California and American life, yet he inexplicably continues to live in the States for another 15 years. Hello, James... what was the problem?<br />It is never explained why James stayed with Pamela for so many years, even when he was miserable in her presence and unhappy living in America. When he finally does divorce her, he ends up shilling out millions in alimony and making a succession of wretched movies in order to pay off Pamela.<br />Ultimately, the real tragedy is that a man as intelligent, urbane and handsome as James Mason (not to mention his stupendous voice!) handled his career in such a haphazard way. He was a marvelous screen actor, but wasted his talent in many potboilers. This book doesn't really explain these poor choices and doesn't reveal enough about Mason's private life.
This was a crashing disappointment on several fronts. Gottfried Wagner is in a unique position to dish major dirt on the Bayreuth Wagner clan, yet he inexplicably chooses to focus the center of attention on himself. The problem is that Gottfried is not especially likeable or interesting and suffers from a case of self-absorption unequalled in recent history. He repeatedly drones on about how he was persecuted and ignored by his father, misunderstood by the other Wagners and shunted aside for no good reason. Ho hum.<br />The second disappointment is that this book was marketed as containing many \\"new\\" revelations about Hitler and his relationship with Wagner grandmother Winifred. Notice that Hitler is featured prominently on the cover of the book, flanked by Wieland and Wolfgang. Gottfried again could have provided fascinating, new glimpses into Winifred, who was a fanatic, but at least a fascinating woman. This was an opportunity for Gottfried to unearth new tid-bits relating to Hitler's annual Bayreuth pilgrimages, his relationships with Verena, Friedilind and the Wagner boys, but... again, he drops the ball. There is very little new material offered here.<br />The writing style is unedifying, perhaps the fault of the translator, but to sum up: not worth your time.
Though this book is impressively packaged and appears authoritative, it's anything but. The authors are pop historians who specialize in fiction and their weaknesses show throughout. There is almost no basic understanding of Hitler, his life, his personality or placing him in the proper historical context. There are a number of small, but nagging errors. Example: Hitler was punctilious in his personal hygiene, took two baths daily and was a fanatic about keeping clean. This is attested to by all who knew him. However, the authors claim that Hitler's architect, Albert Speer, claims Hitler had horrible B.O. (a claim he never made)and they repeat this canard three times.<br />Their examination of how Hitler died is similarly flawed and dated. It doesn't matter if bunker personnel like Baur, Linge and Kempka all have small discrepancies in their narratives, the fact remains that Hitler shot himself in the head and simultaneously took cyanide while Eva Braun took cyanide. End of story. The pages of padded material on Hitler's death drone on and tell the reader nothing new whatsoever.<br />As for the Russian archives and the supposedly flashy \\"new\\" material they unearthed... forget it. The new materials are a photo of Hitler's uniform jacket, some common photos and a sketch book of watercolors which the authors claim were all executed by Hitler. This ludicrous assertion is proven false by the inclusion of a postcard of Haus Wachenfeld which they claim Hitler painted in the 30's! The color photo of the postcard clearly shows it was never painted by Hitler.<br />This is a disappointing book for serious historian and novice alike. There is nothing new to justify its purchase.
This is a marvelous read even if you had absolutely no interest in climbing Everest or mountaineering. I had previously read a half a dozen other first-person narratives of the 1996 disaster, but this book towers head and shoulders above any other participant's memoirs. Krakauer is a gifted storyteller with the talents of a novelist, yet the experience of one who has climbed perilous peaks and lived to share the knowledge with others. He has the unique ability to paint a portrait with words that leaps out from the pages and lets the reader *see* and *feel* what is happening.<br />Perhaps Krakauer's greatest strength is deftly describing the personalities and quirks of the other people in his climbing party. The reader comes to know them all; liking some climbers immensely (The Texan Beck comes to mind) and loathing others for their petty self-absorption and monstrous egos (Sandy Pittman to a \\"T\\").<br />The best part of the book is the actual summit experience by the author and the devastating sequence of events that transpires after he slowly descends. The effects of HACE, high altitude and the frequent absence of reliable oxygen bottles is gripping. So are the deaths that occur because of a brutal storm that sweeps the mountain as Krakauer stumbles down to Camp 4.<br />Whether you are a Everest buff or a world class couch potato, this is a superlative book: well written and engrossing. A splendid read!
I have never been a fan of the literary western genre and confess that I read this book solely because I watched the movie based upon this book. Incredibly, the book supercedes the movie and McMurtry's characterization of Woodrow and Gus are truly stunning. It's the characters that turn this book into a compelling classic, rarely does the reader encounter such deftly-drawn and intriguing men as McCall and McCrae. You feel as if you are in Lonesome Dove with these men, and with them every step of the way from Texas to Montana. It's a magnificent journey and McMurtry is a superlative writer.<br />Even if you've never read a western book in your life, this is a literary masterpiece, the Shakespeare of the range, so to speak.
This is a well-researched and thoughtfully-written biography of a man who was perhaps the most famous man in the world in the decade of the 1960's. Now, sadly, Burton's legacy and fame have dimmed considerably and he's remembered more as Elizabeth Taylor's fifth (and sixth) husband. He was much more than that. I have always thought Burton overacted miserably in most of his roles and I was chiefly intrigued with him because of his beautiful physicality and because was an erudite, deeply intelligent man. He was also a prodigious reader and a keen intellect, but this genius seemed utterly wasted on Liz, a woman with whom he shared a passionate sex life, but precious little else.<br />The highlight of this book is the inclusion of over 100 pages of Burton's diaries, kept meticuously from 1965 until his death. Burton writes candidly, wittily and brilliantly. It's devilishly exciting to read his words about Liz and his vicious put downs of others, including a visceral tirade against poor Lucille Ball. He also muses on occasion about his autistic daughter, Jessica, who was hidden by the Burtons and kept in an institution all her life.<br />Burton had a larger-than-life appetite for living, sex, booze... you name it. He was self-destructive, manic-depressive and difficult, but all of those things make for a compelling character and this book illuminates him like no other.
This is an interesting examination of the life of Hitler's pilot, Hans Baur. He lived to be well into his 90's and was a fascinating man who had unique access to the Fuehrer. Baur was in Russian captivity for 10 years and wrote his autobiography after being released in 1956; the book is the basis of much of the material here.<br />Baur met Hitler in 1932 and began flying him at that time. He was part of the Obersalzberg inner circle, as well as the Berlin crowd, and he knew Eva Braun fairly well. He also begged Hitler in 1945 to allow him to fly him out of the Bunker, but Hitler told him he had to die in his nation's capital, not at his Bavarian vacation home!<br />The book concentrates, naturally, on Baur's relationship with Hitler and others in the Nazi hierarchy. It is weaker on Baur's life post-1956, especially his years spent in retirement on the shores of a Bavarian lake. Still, for anyone with an interest in the inner workings of Hitler's entourage, this is an excellent book.
The photography in this book is superlative and the main reason to purchase it is to admire the lush color photos of California's birds. However, I also enjoy the book because it allows me, as a novice birder, to learn to correctly identify various species. This book is much superior to an Audubon guide or a National Geographic Filed Guild to birds because each photo is huge and shows the birds to their best advantage. The photo of the elusive great gray owl is simply outstanding!<br />I recommend this book for anyone who has an appreciation of birds and wants to vicariously see them through this medium. It will definitely prompt every armchair birder to take to the field and spy these wondrous creatures in their natural habitat. There are several birds I saw in this book which captured my fancy immediately: the black oystercatcher and the Lazula Bunting, for instance. By seeing these photos, it prompted me to go out and beat the trails and shorelines to see each of these birds up close and &quot;in person.&quot; A great book!
I am a neophyte birder and this book was perfect as a beginning guide in identifying and recognizing common birds in the western region. The other bird guides I have purchased (National Geographic and Audubon) were exceptional, but for a novice, they presented too much information and too many birds. This book struck a nice, comfortable compromise. The photos of each bird are excellent and provide you a good look at the features and characteristics of each. They also tell you succinctly where the habitat would be and where you would most likely see each bird.<br />The best feature was that each bird was divided by color. So if you see a Wilson's warbler in your backyard but don't know for certain if your call is correct, you can quickly thumb to the &quot;yellow&quot; section of the book and see all the yellow birds. Thus you can quickly confirm your identification.<br />This book would have limited, or no value to an experienced birder, but for the beginning birder, this is a fine introduction to the hobby of birding.
Unfortunately, there are no outstanding guide books to hiking in Sequoia or Kings Canyon National Parks. This book has excellent topgraphical maps which show the elevation gain in each hike, but that isn't enough to salvage the rest of the contents. The main problem is that the author's descriptions of each hike are curiously flat and uninformative. I've done many of the hikes in this book and could only wonder why the descriptions were usually devoid of vivid language or extolling the scenery of each trek.<br />The description of the premiere hike in the book, Mt. Whitney, was especially lifeless, filled with overly technical details about what you will find at 0.9 miles, 1.2 miles, etc. What would be more beneficial (and useful) would be simply to give an overview of the hike, point out the beauty and hazards and add something about toting enough fluids.<br />One plus is that there are accurate descriptions to each trailhead. But again, the actual text descriptions of each hike leave an awful lot to be desired.
This is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a color map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. I enthusiastically recommend this gem!
Arizona is a great state to hike. Even without the magnificent hikes in and around the Grand Canyon, there are plenty of other trails to explore and enjoy. This book does it all! It is an exceptionally well-designed book for hikers across the spectrum. Whether you're a neophyte or have climbed Denali, this book contains all the essential information you need to tackle the hikes listed. The photos are all in color and are breathtaking! You really get a sense of what each hike will look like before you undertake it. Every hike also has a color map to accompany the text description. The maps are easy to follow and instructive.<br />Equally pleasing is that the authors take the time to describe each hike in extensive detail, though they are never wordy. They list the elevation gains, give succinct but necessary directions to each trailhead and provide ample analysis of the strengths/weaknesses of each trek. The book is small and light enough to carry in your backpack, if you feel the need to consult it while on the trail.<br />I have over 50 hiking books in my library and it would be hard to imagine a more complete, more photographically stunning or better written guide. I enthusiastically recommend this gem!
It's true that Gammelgaard writes in a disjointed, \\"dispatch\\" style, which no doubt irritates some readers. There is no cohesive narrative and the actual words in the book are relatively few. However, there is still considerable merit in this account of the 1996 Everest tragedy, particularly if you're a woman climber. The author is a serene, spiritual sort and reminds you of that fact every few pages. That didn't represent a problem unless you violently eschew anything of that ilk. She repeats maxims such as, \\"Go slowly, think for yourself, be true to yourself.\\" Hogwash to some, faintly inspiring to others.<br />She paints interesting word portraits of the other climbers, particularly Scott and Anatoly, the Russian climber (who has also written a book, available on Amazon). She's equally adept at explaining her own motivations and psyche. The primary criticism I have is that she spent a paltry amount of time explaining *why* she wanted to climb Everest and really didn't elaborate much on the mental and physical training she undertook in order to accomplish this incredible feat.<br />I recommend this book wholeheartedly, but only if you embrace a more spiritual philosophy, and aren't irritated by an author who shoves that down your throat at every opportunity.
This book is slightly better than average, but if you're seriously thinking of climbing any of California's 14,000 peaks, this book won't especially help. If you're only interested in Mt. Whitney, there are many superior and more detailed books on the highest peak in the lower 48 states. In addition, there are only two other 14,000 peaks in California which can be easily accessed and are class 1 hikes which don't require ropes, pulleys or specialized gear.<br />A main problem with this book is that the authors don't adequately describe the trailhead and driving to each one. They don't tell you the crucial information that in many instances, you need a four-wheel drive vehicle to get to the trailhead and you must drive 15 miles over miserably bumpy roads to even begin your hike. This is an unforgivable omission.<br />I would recommend this book to people who have an interest in peaks besides Whitney and you have four-wheel vehicles and are sufficiently skilled to complete class three hikes. If you're not in this league, I would pass on this book.
I bought this book because I am planning a thru hike of the AT in the next few years. Though the book started off well enough, it quickly disintegrated into a 150 page treatise on whining. The format of the book is also awful: two hikers made the trek (Trail names were Midnight and Out of Africa), but unfortunately, Midnight hogs 90% of the narrative. This becomes increasingly stressful to the reader because Midnight is the most whining, complaining and unlikable character I have ever encountered in any other AT narrative. Out of Africa, on the other hand, is immensely likeable, gritty, real and determined. I wanted to get to know her better because she had grest soul and verve. Yet she only narrates a tiny fraction of the book and is never more than a shadow participant. Her writing ability is leagues above Midnight's, but she was seldom seen within in the pages of this book. What a pity.<br />The differences in their personalities mirrors the differences in their writing styles. Midnight is terribly uninteresting and complains about the slick, wet rocks on the trail on every single page. It almost becomes ludicrous as the reader chuckles to themselves, &quot;Alright, how many sentences on this page before the obligatory complaints about the slippery wet rocks?&quot; Sure enough, every page contains repetitive and extremely boring, whining tantrums about how she cried every time she encountered a wet rock, how she slipped, fell, whined, etc. Enough already! Don't attempt the Appalachian trail thinking it will be a meandering stroll in the woods.<br />In addition, Midnight litters the book with religious sentiments, which were unappreciated. Incredibly, her miraculous parents follow her around in a van, stopping to re-supply her at many stops through the first 1400 miles of her journey. This is an unheard-of luxury for thru hikers, and though Midnight is appreciative, her whining never lets up. The minute her parent leave, yet another wet rock causes her to experience agonies of self-doubt and the reader is forced to skip increasing amount of text to avoid this maudlin self-absorption.<br />Out of Africa is a trooper, and never complains about conditions. She grins and bears it, but we hear so little from her that ultimately, the book because a frustrating experience of dealing with a childish whiner, Miss Midnight. I would heartily recommend this book had Out of Africa been the sole author, but with the inclusion of Midnight's droning, this is better avoided. If you are seriously planning an AT thru hike, purchase instead Jim Coplen's &quot;Wild Birds Song,&quot; available on Amazon. That is a mature, sober and very readable alternative to this girlish drivel.ce agonies of self-doubt and the reader is forced to skip increasing amount of text to avoid this maudlin self-absorption.<br />Out of Africa is a trooper, and never complains about conditions. She grins and bears it, but we hear so little from her that ultimately, the book because a frustrating experience of dealing with a childish whiner, Miss Midnight. I would heartily recommend this book had Out of Africa been the sole author, but with the inclusion of Midnight's droning, this is better avoided. If you are seriously planning an AT thru hike, purchase instead Jim Coplen's &quot;Wild Birds Song,&quot; available on Amazon. That is a mature, sober and very readable alternative to this girlish drivel.
This is a fine overview of the three major hiking trails that criss-cross the United States. The major focus of the book is on the renowned Appalachian trail, with most of the text devoted to the AT. The Pacific Crest Trail has some useful information, though the chapters on this trail are shorter and less detailed. The Continental Divide Trail is given more sparse coverage, because the trail is not yet completed and is not attempted by very many hikers, except the very bravest souls.<br />This book is recommended for people who are not in the immediate stages of planning a thru hike. If you're planning on tackling any of these trails, specific books on each individual trail is the way to go. There is too much general information here for those seriously considering a hike in the near future. This book is fine as an overview and to give you a sample feel of each hike, but is less successful for one planning a hike in the coming year.<br />The writing is excellent and the book is riveting in sections. For all those obsessed with hiking any of the grand thru trails in America, this is an excellent and recommended resource.
I read this book in one sitting over several hours. I simply couldn't put it down. I've read over thirty books on thru hiking the AT and this is one of the premiere sources on the subject. Mueser himself is a thru hiker and he assembled comments, data and anecdotes from hundreds of others who have walked the length of the Appalachian Trail. The result is a fascinating exploration of what goes into the heart, mind, and body of all those hikers who make this pilgrimage.<br />Mueser arranges the information neatly by chapter. There are sections on animals, bugs, food, physical preparation and other things necessary to know before embarking on the trail. The narrative flows by smoothly and I was sad as I approached the end of the book because it was so immensely enjoyable. I would recommend this book highly for everyone who dreams of hiking the AT or those have already completed the journey.<br />My one criticism is the chapter on animals. Mueser writes with perception about the abundance of wildlife on the trail. It was then disconcerting and appalling that he used mouse traps to kill the little critters in various shelters. Someone should remind Mueser that the woods are the domain and home of the mice: HE is invading their world and he has no business setting traps and killing them, no matter how pesky they might be. This one incident spoiled some of the pleasure in reading the book, from my pro-animal perspective.<br />But in all other respects, this is a wonderful and interesting addition to your AT library.
I really felt like I got to know Jim Coplen while reading this book. His writing style is spare and no-nonsense, almost Hemingway-esque. I read his book because I am dreaming of hiking the Appalachian trail in the next few years and want to soak up as much information as I can. Jim's book is one of the best AT books in terms of describing the day-to-day grinds, headaches, fears and joys in hiking over 2100 miles. He has the unique ability of enabling you to be in the scene with him, as if you're walking alongside him. This was a pleasant surprise.<br />I do wish that Jim would have told us a little more about his life outside of hiking. He scarcely mentions his wife (who remained at home in Indiana), and I never got a clear or definitive idea why he chose to undertake the adventure. He didn't seem to have much inner turmoil or upheavel in his life prior to embarking on this grandiose and magnificent pilgrimage.<br />I recommend this book to thru-hikers, section-hikers or those planning on doing the AT someday in the future. It's especially instructive for the 10% of prosoective thru-hikers who plan to begin their walk from Maine and walk south.<br />Jim wasn't quite able to complete his thru hike (he breaks a bone in his ankle as he nears Georgia), but he returns to the trail in the Spring to complete his adventure. If you like a bare-bones writing style, not enlivened with much humor or extraneous &quot;personal confession&quot; garbage, you'll like this book and respect it. I know I did.
I read this book in one afternoon and was thoroughly satisfied with it. Winters writes well and her narrative flows smoothly. However, I bought this book believing that she had completed the thru hike from Springer Mtn. to Maine. Actually she quit the hike 300 miles short of her goal, while she was approaching the dreaded White Mountains of New Hampshire.<br />My greatest criticism of the book is that the author simply didn't explain *why* she quit, and it was a sudden, abrupt decision. Yes, her knees were aching, she was (justifiably) anxious about the vicious weather in the White Mountains, but as a reader, I was horribly let down that her journey just suddenly ends. She writes casually, &quot;I am done&quot; and thus ends the book. A tremendous disappointment.<br />On the positive side, there are great descriptions of shelter life on the trail, the boorish, sexist behavior of the many of the men on the trail and also being chased by some Rednecks in the deep South; &quot;she's little,&quot; they squeal, &quot;let's catch her!&quot; This was perhaps the most gripping segment of the book, as she outraces these fat slobs trying to harm her.<br />I am still in the dreaming-planning stages of doing an AT thru hike and must admit this book did little to encourage me. My belief is that Winters needed to go into towns more frequently, sleep in the shelters less frequently and not hike alone, but as she stresses again and again: &quot;hike your own hike.&quot;<br />While I admire her tremendous nerve and dedication, any solo woman hiker is courting disaster. That's an ugly reality.<br />Some readers will probably be put off by the stories of Wade, Winters obsessive-compulsive weirdo ex-boyfriend. If she thinks all men are as pathetically warped as he was, think again. The inclusion of her bisexuality and discovery of her partner on the trail might also bug some people. I found it all interesting and would recommend this book. Just don't expect an account of an actual thru hike, since she doesn't quite make it.hike, since she doesn't quite make it.
If you are searching for a light or relaxing biography of Madison, this will not be the measured choice. This is a difficult and sometimes plodding read, so be forewarned. The excuse that Ketcham is an &quot;academic historian&quot; and therefore is allowed to be boring is indeed a stretch, Stephen Ambrose writes beautifully and is an academic historian as well.<br />This is a trustworthy, sober and lengthy treatment of Madison, written by a man who knows his subject intimately. The reader can trust the facts between the covers, but there is an integral element missing: Madison himself. There are innumerable anecdotes and descriptions of Madison, but it's buried within the minutiae and sheer length of this very heavy tome. I never got a sense of Madison as a human being, only as a political or revolutionary shadow.<br />Recommended only for those either obsessed with Madison or tolerant of a chilly and plodding read.
Bruce Catton is arguably the greatest Grant biographer and is largely responsible for changing the negative views about Grant in the 1950's and 60's. Catton wrote several books about USG and this is the third and final part of a grand Grant trilogy begun in 1949 by Lloyd Lewis with &quot;Captain Sam Grant.&quot;<br />Bruce Catton thoroughly understand Ulysses Grant and became his vociferous proponent. He correctly grasped that Grant was the preeminent strategist of the civil war and was also the war's greatest, most innovative and most determined general. Those who errantly believe Grant won with brute force or superior numbers need to read this book. Others who espouse the line that Robert E. Lee was the real genius of the war also need to consult this volume. At its conclusion, you will change your mind and realize that Grant was not only a magnificent soldier, he was also a highly intelligent, humorous and marvelously humane man. He has been unfairly maligned and Catton sets the record straight.<br />Catton writes with perception about Grant as a father and devoted husband, but the thrust of the book is painting an incise portrait of Grant in the pivotal period 1861-1863 when his greatness was forged. This is a &quot;must have&quot; book for anyone interested in U.S. Grant or the American civil war. There are few, if any, factual errors and the narrative flows smoothly from beginning to end. Highly recommended.
Jean Edward Smith is a competent writer who has produced a relatively error-free and certainly positive look at Ulysses S. Grant, but there is something missing. Grant is an elusive subject and after reading this treatment, he will remain as enigmatic and unfathomable as he has always been. Smith has no background on Grant or the civil war and his limitations show, particularly in such a lengthy tome as this. Much of the book is culled from other (superior) Grant biographies and certain issues, such as Grant's drinking, are treated in a paragraph, when pages are necessary to do justice to the topic. <br />Most disturbing is Smith's propensity to borrow liberally from other authors in his interpretations. Certain sections of this book read similarly to words written by previous Grant biographers. See particularly his views on Grant's drinking, which are similar to McPherson's sections in his book, &quot;Battle Cry of Freedom&quot; (available on Amazon).<br />Smith is strongest in his post-civil war sections and his chapters on Grant's much-maligned Presidency are well-written and contain much needed revisionism. Grant was not the bumbling fool as President as is so often depicted. Smith deftly shows that Grant's years in the White House were not devoid of achievement.<br />Still, the flaws of this book surmount any of the positives. The pacing is poor and only a few scant pages are devoted to Grant's valiant race with death and the publication of his brilliant memoirs. The civil war chapters are fairly flat, with no fresh information or anecdotal material. He relies on dated sources and accepts whatever they offered without critical analysis.  There are better Grant books out there and you would be advised to search those out.
Those who denies the strong sexual overtones in these letters must be repressed or absurdly committed to the idea that Eleanor Roosevelt had to have been unequivocally heterosexual. Never mind that by the time she met Hickock, her physical relationship with FDR had been dead for over a decade, not to be revived. Had these letters been penned by a man to a woman, there would be no fuss, but because we're dealing with two females, the fur flies.<br />Eleanor and Hick loved each other, that's patently obvious from the letters. To me it seems quite apparent there was a sexual relationship as well... so what? FDR had Lucy Mercer in the 1910's and Missy LeHand was his &quot;companion&quot; from 1922-1940, but Eleanor should be relegated to permanent &quot;lonely&quot; status?<br />Even if you don't care about the gossip-y element of this book, it's moderately interesting from a social perspective, particularly if you are interested in 1930's history or mores. There are remarkably few references to Franklin Roosevelt in the correspondence, which might speak volumes for Eleanor's priorities at this time.<br />An interesting book, well edited and entertaining.
This is a terrific biography, but Cook stumbles a bit in not focusing on Eleanor's private life in this second volume. There is too much of a focus on ancillary topics and I missed the anecdotes and concentration on Eleanor as a human being. Still, this is well-written, though heavily biased in Eleanor's favor (which didn't bother me a bit!)<br />Even if you're not interested in Eleanor Roosevelt, you will be after reading this book. Cook writes history the way it *should* be written, with an emphasis on the personality, foibles and private life of her subject. She doesn't shy away from speculating on Eleanor's relationship with Lorena Hickock or Earl Miller.<br />She correctly points out that for years people have denied Eleanor might have had a sexual relationship with Miller simply because he was young and handsome and she was \\"old\\" and \\"ugly.\\" Absurd!<br />My only minor concern was that Cook seems not to fully appreciate FDR as a man, politician and icon. Her marked preference for Eleanor is obvious, which really isn't a big concern. Was FDR a jerk to cheat on Eleanor with Lucy Mercer? Probably not, since Eleanor hated intimacy with him (and told her daughter \\"sex is an ordeal to be borne!\\") and never sought to re-establish a real marriage after 1918.<br />Most men with FDR's looks, charm and natural exuberance would not tolerate a wife who was cold as a fish in the bedroom. I don't believe Cook accepts this or attempts to understand FDR's frustration.<br />Eleanor Roosevelt is a truly great and grand lady, multi-faceted, highly intelligent, compassionate and gritty. Cook has done a marvelous job in exploring and explaining her early life
If you are seeking a hatchet job on the greatest President of the 20th century, this is your cup of tea. Maney attempts to paint FDR with a black brush, but makes so many factual mistakes in his narrative, that his attempt is weak and ultimately pathetic. His gross lack of understanding about the causes of the Depression and the impending European crisis are almost laughable.<br />FDR made mistakes in judgment (attempting to pack the Supreme Court), but he was the quintessential and perfect leader for this country in the midst of its greatest crisis of the past 100 years. Imagine Tom Dewey or Wilkie leading this nation against the Axis powers. Contemplate that one... if you dare!<br />There are many outstanding examinations of Franklin Roosevelt and this is certainly not one of them. It's a polemic and poorly written attempt to diminish FDR's influence and greatness. It fails on all levels. The only people who would embrace this treatment would be the die-hard Roosevelt haters.
Though there were shades of the later Nixon in the young man, he was not nearly as visceral, vulgar or mean-spirited as he was to become as President. There were tinges of guilt in his make-up when he stepped over the line of decency, and such signs were utterly absent in President Nixon. Gellman is a fluid writer who is painstaking in being fair to Nixon and presenting him as a fairly likeable, though monstrously aggressive Congressman. He maintains that the young Nixon was a good father and attentive husband, thought he evidence for this is grossly lacking. He was the quintessential absentee father who spent almost no time with his daughters. Gellman conveniently ignores this.<br />More troubling is that Gellman almost seeks to exonerate Nixon from two of the most mudslinging and tawdry campaigns of all time: his 1946 run for Congress against the hapless, though decent Jerry Voorhis, and his inhumane hatchet job against Helen Gahagan Douglas in 1950. Nixon's brutal character assassination of Douglas in conveniently skirted, or excuses are made for RN. Because Gellman frequently falls into the habit of glossing over Nixon's destructive impulses, the book never reaches any grandiose literary heights.<br />Nixon has been the subject of much nonsense, particularly of the psycho-babble genre. Gellman thankfully doesn't attempt any of this and the book is a better product for it. Ultimately, this is a readable, balanced (overly balanced!) portrait of a young man driven by demons and a lust for power. For anyone wishing to understand Nixon in his 30's, this is an essential study.
If you have even an ancillary interest in the American Civil War, this is essential to read and to own. I consult my copy on a weekly basis and I've owned it for twenty years. Warner writes well and succinctly about all of the Confederate Generals. Each biography is accompanied by a single photograph of the subject. The book is like a large biographical dictionary, easy to navigate and peruse at your leisure. If you are interested in in-depth material on any of these Generals, it's best to consult an individual biography of your chosen favorite. But if you have a casual interest or merely want an essential reference tool, this is a &quot;must have.&quot;<br />Many historians have compiled lists of the most influential and indispensable civil war books of the 20th century. Invariably, Warner's book is included, along with the companion volume on Union Generals. It's not fancy, but it remains one of the preeminent biographical tools for any civil war historian.
I read this book after devouring Gitta Sereny's wonderful biography on Nazi Armaments Minister, Albert Speer. This offering is superior to anything else on the Holocaust, bar none. Sereny spent many hours interviewing the Commandant of Treblinka, Franz Stangl. He reveals in dispassionate tones the horrors of this death camp: the subterfuge to confuse those arriving to the camp, the fake train station, the beautiful gardens... it's almost surreal to read this man's words. More disquieting is that Stangl appears to be rather normal, though obviously a psychopath since the concept of guilt is alien to him. He loved his wife, was a devoted father and was an attractive personality, yet he was involved in monstrous crimes.<br />Sereny also interviews Jews who survived Treblinka by working in the &quot;clothes factory,&quot; and she also interviews some of the S.S. guards who presided over this horrific complex. But the heart and soul of the book is Stangl, whom she interviewed while he was in a German prison in 1972. When she asked him, &quot;When you saw children about to be gassed, did you think of your own children?&quot; Stangl vacantly looked away and said mutely, &quot;I don't know.&quot;<br />This book should be required reading for those who deny the Holocaust or seek to make excuses for Nazi genocide. Sereny is a masterful writer and every word of this book is gripping. This is not a product to skim haphazardly, it's as engrossing as anything ever written about genocide in the 20th century. I can't recommend this book highly enough.
Though Roy Morris writes well and illuminates Sheridan's character adequately, there is ultimately something flat about this effort. His attempts to give a definitive analysis of Sheridan are compromised by some factual gaffes and problems in interpreting Sheridan in the context of his times. It must be stressed that being a bigot in the mid-19th century was accepted practice and not odious, as it's viewed today. Morris is sympathetic to Sheridan throughout, even in the midst of his advocating genocide for the Native American.<br />The lack of personal detail is disquieting. There is insufficient material on Sheridan's mistress from the 1850's and his marriage late in life.<br />A strong point of the book is Morris' descriptions of little Phil's relationships with Grant and Sherman, two generals infinitely superior and more intelligent that Sheridan. Morris does a good job in explaining this triumvirate that saved the nation during the civil war.<br />This is a good biography, but scarcely groundbreaking or on the cutting edge of scholarship. The elusive character of Philip Sheridan will have to await a more gifted and grounded biographer.
This is the perfect civil war book and will satisfy the greenest novice or the most accomplished historian. Watkins writes brilliantly, naturally and in colloquial tones that have scarcely aged in the 130 years since he penned this memoir. It's exactly as if this marvelously likeable and funny soldier is sitting in your rocking chair, personally spinning yarns about his civil war experiences. It's that immediate and that real, as if you are accompanying him on every train, bivouac or battlefield.<br />Watkins becomes part of you as you read on, like a treasured friend or talisman. It doesn't matter what side of the conflict you're on, whether you're a confirmed Yankee or passionate Rebel, it's simply impossible not to adore Watkins and his deft touches with the pen. He describes the terror of going into battle, the strange exhilaration of the battles aftermath and the realization you are still alive. His best moments are describing a visit to a field hospital where he sees his best friends intestines opened up in a gaping wound, with only minutes to live. His pathos and deep sentiment are prevelent throughout the book.<br />Buy this book *now,* don't wait another moment. It's a book you will read and re-read throughout life, a deserved and enduring classic. Whether you care little or nothing about the American civil war, it matters little. This is a little masterpiece, pure and simple.
If you have even an ancillary interest in the American Civil War, this is essential to read and to own. I consult my copy on a weekly basis and I've owned it for twenty years. Warner writes well and succinctly about all of the Union Generals. Each biography is accompanied by a single photograph of the subject. The book is like a large biographical dictionary, easy to navigate and peruse at your leisure. If you are interested in in-depth material on any of these Generals, it's best to consult an individual biography of your chosen favorite. But if you have a casual interest or merely want an essential reference tool, this is a &quot;must have.&quot;<br />Many historians have compiled lists of the most influential and indispensable civil war books of the 20th century. Invariably, Warner's book is included, along with the companion volume on Confederate Generals. It's not fancy, but it remains one of the preeminent biographical tools for any civil war historian.
It's amazing that Kaltman takes a military genius (but financial disaster) such as Ulysses S. Grant and magically transforms him into an example for busisnessmen. Poor Grant must be revolving in his grave. The premise of this book is to take pithy and brief remarks from Grant and relate them to the business world. It's an interesting premise and an extremely flawed one. Grant's genius was in writing and on the field of battle, not in making money or advising those grappling on the corporate ladder.<br />However, the book does have merit if it introduces the sublime character of Grant to average people with little or no interest in history. Serious historians will laugh off this sophomoric book, but managers might actually learn something about one of the greatest and most underrated figures in American history. Grant was an intensely honest, moral and highly intelligent man and reading his words can only enhance anyone's character, even those whose only interest is in chasing the almighty dollar.
James Robertson has produced the definitive look at Jackson, and unearthed some new material in the process. I was especially pleased that he focused on Jackson's private life, and he writes with particular finesse about Jackson's first marriage and the effect her early death had upon Stonewall's psyche. Equally interesting are the unintentionally hilarious stories of Jackson as a teacher at VMI and what a truly horrific instructor he was: boring, pedantic and one who droned on insufferably during lectures.<br />Robertson's thorough grasp of Jackson's military role in the civil war is exhaustively examined. The only criticism is that the book verges on hagiography, and little questionable or negative material appears in the book. Jackson's generalship should have been more critically examined, instead of making excuses for his mistakes in judgment and execution. Jackson's sometime troubled relationships with subordinates is also glossed over, or the advantage invariably given to Stonewall. Still, this biography is so readable and well-written that its faults are easily overlooked.
This is by far the most readable and accurate of the many Chamberlain biographies. Chamberlain's historical significance had been buried since his death and only resurrected in the 1991 film, &quot;Gettysburg.&quot; Trulock is an inventive and gifted writer with a flair for research and unearthing some hitherto unknown facts about her subject.<br />The strong suit of this biography is its focus on the personal side of JLC. There is much engrossing material about his marriage with Fanny and her estrangement from her husband following his Petersburg wound. Here was a woman who had been so prim and proper before marriage that she wished to put off a marital union. She had transformed herself into the type of lady who would dump their hero husband because of grievous wounds that prevented him from enjoying &quot;horizontal refreshments&quot; much after 1865. Go figure!<br />Trulock's book flows nicely and balances JLC's professional and military accomplishments with the personal aspects of his character. If you are a novice of the civil war or Chamberlain, this book is a must read, but it's also enlightening for those who have a broader understanding of the war. Highly recommended.
Davis has completed five books of his proposed six book effort to write the definitive biography of Franklin Roosevelt. This book is superbly researched and factual, but it isn't as interesting as his previous books on FDR. Davis bogs down in trivial and irritating detail, which is peculiar, since the years 1937-1940 are among the most engrossing of Roosevelt's life. Davis is best when he examines FDR's behind the scenes preparation for war against Hitler and his deft maneuvering with the incoming Prime Minister, Winston Churchill. Less is written about his relationship with Neville Chamberlain, the hapless P.M. who preceded Churchill.<br />Davis is weaker on forging memorable portraits of the intimate personal relationships in FDR's life. There is a singular lack of understanding of Eleanor Roosevelt in this volume, nor is there much said about Roosevelt's children, his secretary Missy LeHand or other pivotal members of the FDR milieu. Davis does explore in interesting depth the effect of Howe's death upon FDR.<br />Roosevelt was a mercurial and difficult to understand character. His charismatic public facade masked some inner demons and foibles, which Davis painstakingly illuminates. This is an interesting, though ultimately, flawed effort.
Manchester began this examination of the flamboyant MacArthur with the intent to write a critical biography. Yet he became so enamored with his subject that the book turned into an extremely pro-MacArthur book, nearly devoid of criticism. Yet his gifts as a writer/researcher are so pronounced that the reader overlooks this problem. Manchester is in the same league with the brilliant David McCullough, and both historians are able to hold a reader's interest through 800 pages.<br />Manchester's infatuation with MacArthur is evident is his unwillingness to criticize Mac for any military decision. Why is no blame attached to MacArthur leaving his planes on the Manila airstrip in December, 1941? What about his gross insubordination towards his Commander in Chief, Harry Truman, throughout the Korean War? Though Manchester examines these issues in depth, he fails to throw much blame on MacArthur, who remains resplendent, fascinating and brilliant throughout.<br />A particular strength of the book is the examinations of the private relationships in MacArthur's life. Manchester explains in depth Mac's two marriages, the suffocating love he displayed towards son Arthur, and his competitive relationship with Ike, &quot;the best clerk I ever had.&quot;<br />This is the standard MacArthur biography and by a wide margin the most readable. Highly recommended.
Robert E. Lee has been the subject of so much hagiography that it's difficult to write of him as a normal, everyday human being. The South has enshrined him to such a ludicrous extent, that anything negative about Lee is viewed as hearsay. Michael Fellman attempts here to paint an objective and truthful picture of a flawed man and an overrated general. He states the obvious: Lee was a military loser, he lost the Civil War, and he lost it in part because of fundamental mistakes *he* made. The myth of the &quot;Lost Cause&quot; in American culture has been both pernicious and destructive.<br />Fellman's previous biography of William T. Sherman is the superior effort, but his take on Lee is interesting and novel. He does tend to engage in nit-picking over analysis of Lee's letters, orders and remarks, sometimes putting an irritating and condescending spin on Lee's intent. There is a dose of Freudian bombast thrown in for good measure. Yet he weaves together the narrative in an interesting and free flowing fashion. This is far from a definitive or completely error-free examination of Lee, but it makes for a fairly engrossing read
Lewis and Clark's descriptions of their epic overland journey is a deserved American classic. So many students must memorize the Gettysburg Address or the Preamble of the Constitution, but too few are ever introduced to this magnificent trilogy, told in Lewis and Clark's own words. They were the first white men to lay eyes on the interior sections of the Unites States, when the land was unspoiled, unpolluted and obviously quite spectacular. In great detail, they relate their indescribable amazement to see giant Sequoia trees, grizzly bears and endless miles of barren desert.<br />Lewis and Clark's experiences are the stuff of legend, but the question that begs to be answered is: could they write? The answer is a resounding yes! The narrative flows smoothly, the descriptions of the animals and landscape come alive with their vivid use of language and metaphor. Perhaps the most vivid sections of the book revolve around their numerous encounters with Native Americans. This book should be required reading for anyone with an history in the history and exploration of the United States.
...and that is not hyperbole. As a monumental fan of both Abraham Lincoln and Gore Vidal, to see these two divergent giants merged into one book was a satisfying moment. Vidal is America's greatest essayist and one of her best fiction writers. His gifts are shown to best advantage in this masterful novel. Vidal brings an historian's knowledge of the subject to this book and blends it with a writing style that surpasses our most gifted scholar-historians. The result is a pure joy to read, an accessible vehicle in order to understand the greatest President in American history.<br />Lincoln purists understandably fretted about some of the historical license taken and the dialogue Vidal created. But Vidal remains absolutely true to his subject and shows that he grasped both Lincoln's prodigious intellect and pathos in a way many scholars have missed.<br />This is a must read book for anyone who admires Gore Vidal as a literary genius and recognized Lincoln as the preeminent American in history.
Gary Giddins has pealed away the mendacity that has surrounded Bing Crosby in published literature since his death. Bing was pilloried in books by his son Gary, and painted in other biographies as a philandering, cold-as-ice misanthrope. Finally Crosby fans can embrace a book which contains much positive information on one of the greatest and most influential Americans icons of the 20th century. Bing's brilliance has been inexplicably eclipsed since his death. Hopefully, this book will introduce the Crosby magic to those who have never been exposed to it.<br />Without Bing Crosby, popular music would not sound the way it sounds today, it's that simple. When he first started singing with Paul Whiteman's band in the 20's as a member of the Rhythm Boys, all vocalists sounded the same: weak-kneed tenors warbling through megaphones, ala the insufferable Rudy Vallee. Bing's mellifluous, effortless baritone became the standard by which every other singer strove to emulate: Sinatra, Como, Dean Martin and every other singer initially copied Bing.<br />Giddins correctly emphasizes Bing's influence on 20th century pop culture. He was a vocal innovator par excellence and his jazz phrasing, timing and cadence remains unmatched. Giddins also explores in great depth Crosby's numerous affairs, his tortured marriage to the alcoholic Dixie Lee, and brings out some interesting gossip: did you know Bing smoked pot regularly with Louis Armstrong in the early 30's? No more Mr. Goody Two Shoes!<br />I've loved Bing Crosby all my life and have waited a lifetime for an intelligent and readable biography. Gary Giddins is an excellent writer and researcher and he has created a minor masterpiece. This is an essential addition to any Crosbyphile's bookshelf.
I've purchased and enjoyed the four preceding Kenneth Davis studies on Franklin Roosevelt and this volume continues a masterful biographical effort. Davis' books are extremely detailed and if you have a peripheral interest in Roosevelt, he would probably not be the historian of choice. The minutiae he provides is a delight Roosevelt fans who love the slightest tid-bit on their hero. His research methods are sober, industrious and trustworthy, his FDR-bias generally masked.<br />The strength of this study is the focus upon FDR's masterful manner of maneuvering an isolationist power into war. The chapters on Lend-Lease, while not providing any new information, still make for riveting reading. The Churchill-FDR political and military partnership is also explored in depth, with Churchill justly taking some heavy criticism for some of his decisions and meddlesome efforts into the Allied offense against Hitler.<br />The only criticism is that Davis does not focus sufficiently on FDR as a human being and the vast importance of Eleanor Roosevelt is somewhat obsfucated. I would have liked to have seen some exploration into Eleanor's relationships with Lorena Hickock and Earl Miller, and a greater emphasis on FDR's relationship with Missy LeHand, his secretary.<br />Still, Davis' effort is an excellent continuation on his epic Roosevelt biography. I can't wait for the concluding volume.
I usually loathe any historical book which puts its subject on the couch, but this is a notable exception. Fellman infuses this book with his own spin on certain matters, but much of the interpretation is accurate! If you enjoy a &quot;National Enquirer&quot; approach to biography, then this is your bag, though a more intellectual, sobering and accurate analysis of events than a tabloid rag. Fellman delves deeply into Sherman's womanizing and the reasons behind it: Ellen, WTS's wife, was a passionless prig, obsessed with Catholicism and being the type of prim, straightlaced wife that Sherman would ultimately abhor. Can we blame him for repeatedly cheating on Ellen? Of course not.<br />  Fellman is much weaker on the military end of the biography and his limitations show. There are numerous factual gaffes and the author is on safer ground when restricting himself to purely personal matters. This is hardly the definitive treatment of Sherman, try John Marszalek's biography (available on Amazon) for an exceptional and scholarly approach. But if you want a book focused primarily on the private life of Sherman, this nicely fits the bill
Henry Picker was a young German officer who knew stenography and took down Hitler's Table Talk for a period of four years during World War II. This book was first published in 1951 and has enjoyed many reprints in the intervening years. This edition is expertly translated and has some revealing footnotes which leads the reader to other sources.<br />Though Hitler is invariably portrayed as a raving madman in American &quot;docudramas,&quot; he could also be a thoroughly charming and intensely charismatic private companion in his off hours. A man capable of seducing 65 million Germans and of his monumental crimes, had to possess an elemental force both inexplicable and fascinating. This book provides some clues to Hitler's personality, though in fairness, his mesmerizing mystique had been dulled by drugs and megalomania by 1941. He was surrounded by sycophants, but there were some perceptive and intelligent people in his milieu, most notably Joseph Goebbels. Hitler's secretaries were also articulate and intelligent ladies. However, his chauffeurs and other aides, such as Linge and Schaub, were hardly junior Einstein's.<br />Hitler's monologues are faithfully presented here and he emerges as a genius in certain areas (his knowledge of architecture and art was encyclopedic), and as a sexist boor in other realms. His believed himself to be omniscient and believed further that he was a messiah selected by Providence to save the German nation. Anyone harboring such delusions is bound to sound arrogant and insufferable on occasion.<br />This is a must have book for anyone interested in Hitler, his entourage, or his paralyzing effect upon other people. It's chilling that Hitler casually discussed trivialities while Europe was being torn asunder because of one man's twsited ideology.
This is part of a four-volume series of George Washington's life and this is the initial installment, covering his early years. Flexner's narrative takes the reader up to the first shots of the Revolutionary War. Despite the fact that there is a plethora of interesting material on Washington's youth and young manhood, this book is singularly flat and written in a plodding style. It is generally reliable and accurate, but one yearns for a more enlightened and exciting presentation. This is the personification of how history is usually taught: in a manner not designed to capture the reader or the student.<br />One strong point is that Flexner successfully presents a balanced portrait of Washington. Any bias from the author is thankfully masked from the reader. When Washington deserves criticism or censure, the author soberly dispenses it. Praise and plaudits are similarly given. If you are deeply interested in Washington's early years, this is an adequate and trustworthy source. But if you are merely dabbling in Washington and prefer a swifter narrative, then this is not a recommended selection.
This is a complete whitewashing of Richard Nixon's political career written by an obviously pro-Nixon source. There is no attempt from the author to distance herself from Nixon or create an illusion of impartiality. Hoff is in Nixon's corner all the way and makes some incredible interpretive analyses. For example, Nixon's domestic agenda was actually &quot;extremely liberal.&quot; Hoff makes this claim based upon Nixon's environmental agenda, but ignores his viscerally right-wing Supreme Court appointments and his Neanderthal approach to civil rights. Doesn't sound too &quot;liberal&quot; to me.<br />Hoff also makes a series of implausible and ultimately ludicrous excuses for Nixon's involvement in Watergate. Predictably, she absolves the President from much involvement and any guilt. She points the finger of guilt at a dizzying array of Nixon suborindates (all of whom went to prison). Nixon is the epitome of grace, honesty and courage in Huff's eyes, a view which will delight those who revere the 37th President. But for those who have a less charitable view of him, this will be regarded as hagiography at its apex.
During the 1930's it was fashionable to include small photographs of Hitler attached to cigarette packages. You would then paste the photos sequentially into an album that included glowing textual references to Hitler and the Third Reich. I own the original version of this 1936 book and this new offering is considerably less powerful than the German version. Still, this is an effective way for people of our era to understand and grasp the enormous importance of propaganda in the Third Reich.<br />Goebbels and Hitler were masterminds of this art and the book personifies their mastery of mass persuasion. In the photographs, Hitler is presented as a &quot;normal guy&quot; in civilian clothes, surrounded by adoring children at his retreat on the Obersalzberg. He is also presented as the omniscienet Fuehrer, presiding over mass rallies in Nuremberg, mesmerizing the audience. The photographs, all by Hitler's official photographer, Heinrich Hoffman, are excellent representations of a nation gone collectively mad, seduced by Hitler's paralyzing charisma.<br />One cautionary note: this book is not written by Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels. The text is incidental and was certainly not penned by Goebbels, who scarcely appears in this book. Despite the misleading title, this is an essential book for anyone with an interest in how Hitler effectively and brutally utilized propaganda in the 30's.
This is one of the worst books I have ever read: juvenile, pathetically poorly written, historically devoid of *any* semblance of truth and shallow beyond belief. Eva Braun did write 20 pages of a real diary in 1935 and these torn-out extracts survive and are authentic. They reveal several things: Hitler was completely normal sexually (though he did ignore her for long bouts) and he did care for her, though he wasn't passionately enamored with her. She was with him, however. They had a normal, prosaic relationship, devoid of sado-mashochism or other ridiculous perversions detailed here.<br />  It obviously bothers people that a mass murderer could still function normally between the sheets with his mistress and for this reason, trashy books like this are written and find a market. Anyone who lays credence in the idiotic nonsense between the covers of this tome need to seriously consult a non-fiction source on Eva Braun. This is the nadir of published material on her.
I usually loathe any historical book which puts its subject on the couch, but this is a notable exception. Fellman infuses this book with his own spin on certain matters, but much of the interpretation is accurate! If you enjoy a &quot;National Enquirer&quot; approach to biography, then this is your bag, though a more intellectual, sobering and accurate analysis of events than a tabloid rag. Fellman delves deeply into Sherman's womanizing and the reasons behind it: Ellen, WTS's wife, was a passionless prig, obsessed with Catholicism and being the type of prim, straight-laced wife that Sherman would ultimately abhor. Can we blame him for repeatedly cheating on Ellen? Of course not.<br />There is a plethora of new information about Sherman's various affairs: he kept the handkerchief of one of his conquests after their rendezvous and wrote to thank her for the article. There are numerous excerpts from love letters to Sherman from his paramours and they make for some unintended hilarious reading.<br />Fellman is much weaker on the military end of the biography and his limitations show. There are numerous factual gaffes and the author is on safer ground when restricting himself to purely personal matters. This is hardly the definitive treatment of Sherman, try instead John Marszalek's biography (available on Amazon) for an exceptional and scholarly approach. But if you want a book focused primarily on the private life of Sherman, this nicely fits the bill.
John Marszalek has woven together the threads of Sherman's life better than any previous biographer. There have been great Sherman biographies in the past, Lloyd Lewis' brilliant 1932 offering comes to mind. But Marszalek benefits from new scholarship and a fresh approach in unearthing the passions and limitations of the brilliant and erratic Sherman.<br />All areas of Sherman's life are explored in depth. The author doesn't stint the reader on details of Sherman's chaotic childhood, the influence of his stepfather or his years at West Point. Marszalek understands the important of Sherman's tortured marriage to Ellen and the consequences that this miserable marriage had upon Sherman. Can anyone blame him for repeatedly cheating on her when her attitudes towards sex approached that of a nun? Especially interesting are the tid-bits on Sherman's lengthy affair with Vinnie Ream, all quite engrossing.<br />Marszalek strikes a nice balance between Sherman's private life and his military endeavors. The reader never has a sense that the man is sacrificed or buried in minutiae of the battlefield. Sherman was an enigmatic, sometimes baffling man and its hard to get a firm grasp on him personally or emotionally. Marszalek has produced a fine biography and one which will stand as the definitive look at Sherman for many years.
I really recommend this book to anyone who likes US Grant or the civil war. I didn't think Mrs. Grant's book would be interesting, but I could not put it down. The way she describes her husband shows a very deep love and attraction for him. I didn't think people of that age were as open with their feelings, but this gal sure was. She was so frank in expressing her feelings for Grant, no wonder he followed her around like a lovesick calf.<br />She even hints about the physical side of their union, which was incredible since she wrote it 100 years ago. I think anyone would love this book, Mrs. Grant writes well and is quite funny and entertaining. I give this book a solid &quot;10.&quot;
It's a matter of debate who was our most intelligent President: Lincoln, Madison and Jefferson would certainly garner their share of votes. But John Quincy Adams warrants serious consideration: he was an intellectual titan with an astounding breadth of intellect. He was impossibly well-read, sober, amazingly articulate with a rapier-like ability to demolish opponents or defend his position. It's debatable whether he was, in fact, America's most brilliant President, but this book goes a long way in making that case.<br />  Nagel wisely delves into Adams' private side and quotes extensively from his own words. If you are looking for a glum recitation of Adams' political life, look elsewhere, this is a more human biography. There was a refreshing amount of material focusing on Adams' boyhood, and the chapters covering his Congressional years are especially interesting. His story reads like something from a novel: failed President transformed into one of the most influential Congressmen who ever serve in the House.<br />  My only minor criticism is that Nagel does not sufficiently explore or explain Adams' brilliant son, Henry, who grew up to be a caustic and clever chronicler of the late 10th century. Otherwise, this is a solid book, well-written, thoroughly researched and illuminating.
Bruce Catton is arguably the greatest Grant biographer and is largely responsible for changing the negative views about Grant in the 1950's and 60's. Catton wrote several books about USG and this is the second part of a grand Grant trilogy begun in 1949 by Lloyd Lewis with &quot;Captain Sam Grant.&quot; The final volume of the trilogy is Catton's &quot;Grant Takes Command&quot; (both books are available on Amazon).<br />Bruce Catton thoroughly understand Ulysses Grant and became his vociferous proponent. He correctly grasped that Grant was the preeminent strategist of the civil war and was also the war's greatest, most innovative and most determined general. Those who errantly believe Grant won with brute force or superior numbers need to read this book. Others who espouse the line that Robert E. Lee was the real genius of the war also need to consult this volume. At its conclusion, you will change your mind and realize that Grant was not only a magnificent soldier, he was also a highly intelligent, humorous and marvelously humane man. He has been unfairly maligned and Catton sets the record straight.<br />Catton writes with perception about Grant as a father and devoted husband, but the thrust of the book is painting an incise portrait of Grant in the pivotal period 1861-1863 when his greatness was forged. This is a &quot;must have&quot; book for anyone interested in U.S. Grant or the American civil war. There are few, if any, factual errors and the narrative flows smoothly from beginning to end. Highly recommended.
There is nothing revelatory in this book and the errors are predictable and redundant. Putting Hitler on the couch is nothing new, Walter Langer and the OSS produced the first psychological profile of Hitler in 1943. It is still in print and available on Amazon and is much superior to this effort.<br />The main problem is that Hitler is dead and putting him through psychoanalysis is problematic, to say the least. I have an innate distrust of non-Germans (or non-German speakers) writing biographies of Hitler, so Redlich has a leg up in this department. The vast majority of Hitlerian documents have never been translated and a non-German speaker tackles the project with a severe disadvantage. But does Redlich use his innate advantage? No, he relies on discredited information, outdated sources and throws in some psychological treatises of his own, which lack credibility.<br />Hitler was an extraordinarily complex, complicated personality and the vast majority of historians have missed the mark in interpreting him or understanding him. Redlich utterly misses the mark in explaining Hitler's relationships with women. He was hardly a sexual pervert and maintained a monogamous, though neurotic, relationship with Eva Braun for the last thirteen years of his life.<br />If you want a steady, readable and reliable biography of Hitler, I urge you to consult John Toland's masterful 1976 book. Nothing has surpassed it in the 25 years since its publication.
This small booklet provides a glimpse of the young U.S. Grant during the Mexican War. Grant was a quartermaster in this conflict and conducted himself with daring and verve. He also learned many lessons which served him well as a commanding general in the American civil war. He studied his future adversaries (like Robert E. Lee) and never forgot the lessons. Mauck reveals the likable, shy character of Grant, a man truly misrepresented in popular culture.<br />Mauck has produced a brief introduction into Grant's two years in Mexico. The etchings are poor and not illuminating, the maps are marginally better. Mauck makes no secret of his admiration for his subject and his descriptions of the young soldier are deftly drawn. However, the indispensable and definitive look at Grant's Mexican War years is contained in Grant's incomparable Personal Memoirs, available on Amazon. Long considered the best history of the Mexican War, Grant's memoirs will illuminate his experiences better than anything else.
William T. Sherman was an irascible, unpredictably brilliant man and his letters bring out these myriad traits. He was a fascinating man and his own words illuminate his fiery personality. Sherman's own 1875 memoirs are a mixed bag, marred by an over-abundance of wartime correspondence and ancillary material. This collection of his letters actually makes for more engrossing, instructive reading. We hear his opinions on the major players of the Civil War: Grant, Halleck and Lincoln. We gain an understanding of his tortured relationship with his wife, Ellen, to whom many of the letters are addressed. His visceral hatred of the press and reporters is well represented.<br />The collection is expertly edited by Brooks Simpson, someone who thoroughly understands both Sherman and the civil war era. The notes are instructive and unobtrusive and the introduction lays the groundwork for appreciating Sherman and his correspondence. This is an outstanding book for anyone who wishes to get to know the erratic and intellectual General who was second only to Ulysses S. Grant in ability and results.
Longacre has a long history of producing civil war books which are compromised by gaffes and errors. This effort is no exception though the writing is superior to some of his earlier works. If you dislike it when an author interjects his own opinion into the arena, then avoid this book. Longacre continually puts his own spin on various events in Chamberlain's life, particularly JLC's long, sometimes tortured relationship with wife Fanny.<br />It's interesting to read the author's take on the love letters exchanged by the enamored couple, especially those from the courtship years. He takes innocuous passages and turns them into (imagined) references to abortion, pre-marital sex and other &quot;juicy&quot; forays. The problem is, the letters are generally pedestrian and devoid of sexual content. No matter, Longacre insists on the tabloid version of historical events and this is the book's ultimate downfall.<br />His descriptions of JLC's Petersburg wound and his lengthy convalescence are better sections, but he drops the ball with all the material post-1865. The years of Chamberlain's Governorship of Maine are especially tedious. If you aren't bothered by factual mistakes and the interjection of the author's own opinion, then this book is a reasonable effort. It's well-written and contains some new material. But if you are a serious student of Chamberlain or want a more complete analysis of the 20th Maine, you must consult other works.
I own about 30 hiking guides and this book is the one I use the most often and consult before any hike. John Robinson is one of the gurus of Southern California hiking and his guides are usually dependable, accurate and full of information that will ensure your safety while in the mountains. He provides an adequate history of each hike, driving directions and fairly precise descriptions of where to locate each trailhead. It's important to note that some of his information is outdated; for example, you always must display your Forest Adventure Pass when parking your car in a California National Forest. Robinson doesn't mention this because his guide was written before the Pass became &quot;essential.&quot;<br />Another strength of this book is that Robinson usually provides separate descriptions of various ways to summit a peak. He details the standard way of climbing San Gorgonio, as well as three alternate treks to the peak and this is a valuable tool for the experienced hiker. He does the same for San Jacinto, perhaps the premiere hike in Southern California (as well as the most arduous!) The guide is tailored towards seasoned hikers and if you're a neophyte, this probably wouldn't be your best choice. But if you love to hike and live in the L.A. area, the Robinson guide provides indispensible information. Highly recommended.
Many people who routinely hike in Yosemite inexplicably ignore her lesser known sister park to the South: majestic Sequoia. I have hiked in both parks for 15 years and Sequoia is an outstanding National Park, particularly for serious hikers seeking a challenge. Yosemite's Half Dome remains one of the most beautiful and &quot;must do&quot; hikes in California, but Alta Peak in Sequoia is comparable and its beauty is sheer majesty. You can get greater elevations in Sequoia and the alpine terrain, especially in the early summer, will remind you of Switzerland.<br />This Guidebook is exceptionally useful and small enough to carry with you in your pack as you hike. The maps are detailed, as are the driving directions to each trailhead. The descriptions of each hike are concise, yet sufficiently detailed to give you the feel of each hike before you attempt it. There is little superfluous information, which is a frequent complaint of other hiking books.<br />If you have never visited or hiked in Sequoia, you're in for the unexpected treat of a lifetime. The park is incomparably lovely and the hiking is among the best in the Western states. This guidebook will help you discover the wonders of this underrated National Park.
Before reading this magnificent book, the only Adams biography I had read was Page Smith's two volume book and that is now quite dated. This book must now stand as the definitive Adams biography. Ferling paints a riveting portrait of this complex and misunderstood American hero. Adams is unfairly tossed off by the uninformed as a peripheral figure in the American Revolution, but this book shows clearly that Adams was an integral force throughout.<br />Ferling also takes great pains in illuminating Adams' amazing breadth of intellect and this a trait sometimes not associated with him. When one thinks about the intellectual titans among the Founding Fathers, Jefferson, Madison and Hamilton generally come to mind. Add Adams to that list and the Father of the Constitution should remain on this lofty list for all time.<br />Many American Revolution buffs eschew Adams and toss him off as not as interesting, flamboyant or &quot;essential&quot; as the other leading players. I challenge them to read this biography, which shows Adams was not only extremely intelligent, but likable and thoroughly human. This is biography at its finest.
If you want to read an outstanding, scholarly and well-researched biography of Douglas MacArthur, the logical choice is William Manchester's &quot;American Caesar,&quot; available on Amazon. The definitive treatment is C. Clayton Douglas's four-volume set. The book is not in the same league. Perret is once again overmatched with the topic and has created a facile, error-ridden and ultimately obtuse look at the insufferably arrogant yet brilliant MacArthur. He relies upon discredited sources and quotes them repeatedly. He also puts his own (inaccurate) spin on various pivotal characters, thus changing history.<br />A primary example of this is when MacArthur's first wife claimed he was impotent and a dud in the sack. She repeated this on many occasions and was quite adamant on this point and one would think she was in a good position to know. But an impotent, un-virile Mac is not the portrait Perret wishes to create, so he viscerally attacks the credibility of Louise and states without equivocation that she was a liar. There are myriad problems with this analysis. MacArthur's Eurasian mistress also complained about the same things Louise did... again, Perret ignores this, or didn't do sufficient research to unearth this fact. Perret ignores many other foibles of MacArthur. There is nary a mention of his virulent racism or the reasons he ended up living the last 12 years of his life in a penthouse in the Waldorf Astoria.<br />The weakest sections of the book are the pivotal World War II chapters. Errors too numerous to list litter the landscape. Perret's analysis of MacArthur's relationships with FDR, Truman and Marshall are wise of the mark and facile. Similarly, the years of MacArthur's Japan &quot;dictatorship&quot; and the Inchon landing are predictably flat.<br />MacArthur's story is one of the most fascinating American stories of the 20th century. This is not the book to read if you are seriously interested in learning about this vainglorious, insufferable, yet charismatic and intellectual military man. This is a pop biography with no new information, novel and inaccurate analysis and an astounding lack of depth.charismatic and intellectual military man. This is a pop biography with no new information, novel and inaccurate analysis and an astounding lack of depth.
It's a matter of debate who was our most intelligent President: Lincoln, Madison and Jefferson would certainly garner their share of votes. But John Quincy Adams warrants serious consideration: he was an intellectual titan with an astounding breadth of intellect. He was impossibly well-read, sober, amazingly articulate with a rapier-like ability to demolish opponents or defend his position. It's debatable whether he was, in fact, America's most brilliant President, but this book goes a long way in making that case.<br />Nagel wisely delves into Adams' private side and quotes extensively from his own words. If you are looking for a glum recitation of Adams' political life, look elsewhere, this is a more human biography. There was a refreshing amount of material focusing on Adams' boyhood, and the chapters covering his Congressional years are especially interesting. His story reads like something from a novel: failed President transformed into one of the most influential Congressmen who ever serve in the House.<br />My only minor criticism is that Nagel does not sufficiently explore or explain Adams' brilliant son, Henry, who grew up to be a caustic and clever chronicler of the late 10th century. Otherwise, this is a solid book, well-written, thoroughly researched and illuminating.
This is a fine guide if you have never hiked before in a National Park, or if you merely dabble occasionally in the sport. The maps are excellent, as are the trail descriptions, elevation gains and driving directions to the trail heads. Most of these hikes can easily be completed by even the most unfit hiker, children, or eldery people.<br />However, this is *not* the guide to purchase if you are a serious hiker. I was bemused to see that this book doesn't even contain the quintessential Yosemite hike, Half Dome. Nor does it contain the second-best hike in the park, the Four-and-a-half-mile-trail. In fact, none of the hikes profiled in this Guide are lengthier than a few miles and none would be considered even semi-strenuous. Heed this advice if you're a serious hiker and consult a different guide. But if you're just a casual weekend athlete, or have children in tow, this is a well-written and adequate book for your needs.
If you revere books and are an avowed bibliophile, then Henry Huntington is someone to admire and respect. His book collection is one of the premiere collections in the world, especially his concentration of incunabula. Huntington's mammoth collection is stored in the incomparable Huntington Gardens in San Marino, California - one of the most lovely places on earth. The permanent exhibitions include a first edition of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales and numerous Shakespearian folios. Huntington's massive collection of autographs is also on display.<br />The story of how Huntington amassed these priceless treasures is fascinating: the amount of zeal and money he poured into this endeavor makes for a world class story. Unfortunately, this book doesn't focus enough on this aspect of his life. The narrative becomes slow, plodding and ultimately tedious. One wishes that Thorpe would have concentrated more completely on Huntington's mania for book collecting, a passion to be envied for those of us not blessed with being multi-millionaires. Instead he veers off into areas not particularly interesting, though his history of early 20th century California is exceptional.<br />Huntington's story is not one full of scintillating orgies, nor was he a riveting personal character, like Hearst. But this book paints a rather dour, boring picture of one of the greatest American collectors.
The first book I ever read from Stephen Ambrose was his 1962 biography of Henry Halleck and he has matured considerably since then. His skills as an historian have deepened and broadened in the intervening years throughout his tenure as director of the Eisenhower Papers project. This examination of June 6, 1944 is the best book he has ever written, exceeding his works on Ike, Nixon or Lewis and Clark.<br />I grew up steeped in the lore of World War II from my parents, who had lived through and experienced these tumultuous years. I have also known several brave men who were present on Omaha and Normandy beaches at D-Day plus 2. Their heroism and self-sacrifice exemplifies why Tom Brokaw calls them the best generation. After reading Ambrose's book, there is no doubt this is an accurate call.<br />Ambrose describes in riveting detail the preparations for D-Day, painstakingly devised by Eisenhower and his staff. Ike was a desk general, but a highly competent one who masterfully juggled the dueling egos of Patton and the insufferably priggish and overrated Monty. The stress he was under is mind-boggling and Ambrose never neglects the fighting man in his story: their anguish at never knowing when they would be called upon to finally invade Hitler's Fortress Europe. Ambrose's description of the Atlantic Wall and its construction reveals some new material: the Germans poured enough concrete for six Hoover Dams in constructing the wall that ultimately just wasn't good enough.<br />The highlight of this book is the actual description of the boys hitting the beaches at Normandy, Omaha, Gold, Sword, Utah and Juno. It's a visceral reading experience and sobering to know that 4,400 brave young men died in the span of four hours. There are no words to describe their valor in defense of their country and the Allied cause. God bless them all. Stephen Ambrose has done them proud.
Edmund Wilson produced this classic look at civil war literature more than forty years ago and it remains essential reading for anyone professing an interest in the great American conflict. Wilson brought much to the table: a beautiful, restrained writing style and a prodigious understanding of the civil war and its primary players. His magnificent analysis of Ulysses S. Grant's memoirs remains the best and most often-quoted ode to these books. Wilson's tribute to Grant's memoirs is the crux of the book, but his ancillary analysis of other civil war works is also riveting and instructive.<br />&quot;Patriotic Gore&quot; is not only great literature, it's truly one of the best books I've ever read. It deserves a place on any serious civil war historian's bookshelf.
I decided to read this book after seeing the author interviewed on C-SPAN's &quot;Booknotes&quot; show. I was amazed that he was able to pack so much mis-information into a sixty minute chat. Stevens  repeatedly demonstrated that his grasp on political and military affairs of 1863 was virtually nil. He was especially uninformed about Ulysses S. Grant, who was (to put it mildly) a pivotal player in the year 1863. Curious, I bit the bullet and bought the book. A mistake of the highest order!<br />After reading the book, I am more convinced than ever that Stevens had no business writing this book. His interpretations of Lincoln, Grant and Hooker are amateurish and riddled with mistakes of the most elementary nature. His bibliography is of the most elementary sort and no primary sources were consulted or included within the narrative. In short, this is a completely inadequate look at one of the most important years in the history of the American nation.
If you are seeking a reliable and definitive book on TR's early years, the choice is Edmund Morris' 1979 biography. David McCullough's examination of Roosevelt is also essential (both books are available on Amazon). This book is breezy, sometimes entertaining, but ultimately shallow. It would be interesting to those who know little or nothing about Roosevelt, but a significant disappointment to those who are better versed in TR's life. One notes that there is absolutely nothing new in the book: no new historical discovery, photograph, insight or theory.<br />Brands writes well and weaves together a cohesive narrative, though skimpy in TR's post-Presidential years which are absolutely vital to understanding his ultimate guilt and grandeur. The author also is fairly strong in describing TR's two marriages and his complicated and neurotic relationship with eccentric daughter Alice. The narrative is much weaker when it comes to illuminating Roosevelt's years as Governor of New York and the details of his Presidential administration.<br />Roosevelt remains one of the most fascinating, exuberant and fun men in American history, but this book adds nothing significant to the canon of Roosevelt literature.
The importantance of Thomas Jefferson in American life cannot be minimized, and this book excels in explaining why his vision was integral in shaping the United States. Ellis' style is scholarly and sober, yet the book is always fun to read and at times utterly riveting. Ellis is especially strong when focusing on Jefferson as a product of his times: it is asinine and historically obtuse to judge him in the context of the 20th century, when slavery and racism are odious. Jefferson was the quintessential 18th century man, a gentleman farmer who wished to create a Utopian society where space prevailed and personal freedom was glorified.<br />Ellis does an exceptional job in describing the methods Jefferson used in creating the Declaration of Independence (in three weeks!)at the tender age of 32. It's instructive to reflect upon the weighty intellect of this man and the way he imposed his intelligence on others. This is a fascinating study and essential to all those who seek to understand how America was founded and ruled in its seminal years.
Geoffrey Ward shares the ability of David McCullough, and that is to take a scholarly topic and write about it intelligently and coherently. He also makes the journey fun for the reader and he showcases this ability in this excellent book. FDR as a youth was a very different man from the President he was to become. Polio was the defining moment that both changed FDR and deepended his compassion and understanding for the downtrodden.<br />In this first volume of Ward's Roosevelt trilogy, he illuminates FDR's dominating mother and the problems she caused between Franklin and Eleanor. One almost cringes when the obtrusive Sarah Roosevelt plans her son's honeymoon, buys homes for him (with connecting doors for her to intrude upon)and basically usurps FDR's own decision-making processes.<br />Franklin Roosevelt was not a great man, or a particularly engrossing man when young. He achieved greatness only after tragedy befell him, but Ward sets the stage here for Roosevelt's later greatness. If you're interested in Roosevelt or the flighty, banal rich New York set of the turn of the century, then this is your cup of tea. It is also a fine book.
Grant's memoirs are the greatest books in American literature. Gore Vidal, Gertrude Stein and other literary figures have acknowledged their preeminence. Even if you know or care nothing about the American Civil War, these books are essential reading for any educated person. Grant wrote simply, yet beautifully, and he was dying in agony of throat cancer when he penned these books. The story of the writing of the Memoirs is one of the most amazing and courageous tales in American history. Imagine racing against death to complete an epic story, the proceeds of which would provide for his family after his death. What an amazing man!<br />This edition of Grant's memoirs is wonderful because the appendix contains several hundred letters he wrote over the years. Most of these missives were written to his wife, Julia, and they shed an enormous light upon this shy man's character. Grant's letters show him to have been a tremendously gentle, decent man, with a great sense of humor and profound love in his heart for his wife and family.<br />This is an excellent edition, which will bring to you only one of the greatest books written in the English language, but also a selection of Grant's letters. Both make for engrossing, gripping reading.
This is the first book in a trilogy of Andrew Jackson and it is a magnificent book. So many biographers bury their subject and forget that most readers what to know who their subject *was*, not merely what they *did.* Remini doesn't fall into this trap. He gives the reader a well-grounded and detailed look at Andrew Jackson as a man: his foibles, passions and prejudices, as well as his extreme ambition and vacillating brilliance.<br />Remini strikes a beautiful balance when examining Jackson's private life and military/political life. His examination of the Battle of New Orleans is absolutely riveting, and he weaves Jackson in and out of the narrative with rare poise and skill. The reader can actually picture Jackson in the midst of this battle, feel his emotions and understand the decisions he made. When a biographer can paint such a vivid picture, the reader will always be rewarded.<br />This is an excellent book for the entire spectrum of people interested in Jackson. Whether you are a neophyte or an established Jacksonian historian, there is much to enjoy, as well as new material. The footnotes and bibliography are excellent resources and lead to additional sources for the reader. The minute I finished this, I bought the second volume, &quot;Andrew Jackson: The Course of American Freedom, 1822-1832,&quot; also available on Amazon. This first volume is truly an outstanding book
Stephen Ambrose is a masterful historian and storyteller. His two-volume look at Dick Nixon is the best of the many Nixon biographies, but the problem is that Ambrose's Nixon remains elusive. Ambrose is magnificent when he delves into RN's political life, and the minutiae of his Vice Presidential years is particularly strong. But he is weaker when examining Nixon's private relationships, particularly his sterile, tortured relationship with wife Pat.<br />Ambrose inexplicably ignores the abundance of evidence that the Nixon marriage was dismal and increasingly distant after 1960. He insists they were &quot;close&quot; when you would be hard pressed to locate one Nixon loyalist who would agree. Ambrose is no Nixon apologist, his reviews of the Nixon Library (the epitome of hagiography) have been scathing and Ambrose's political views are hardly right-wing. But he seems to have been charmed by the Nixon persona and succumbs to some apologist views here, which is a shame.<br />His examination of the Ike-Nixon relationship is fascinating and complete. Poor Ike just couldn't get rid of the clinging vine Nixon. He tried to dump him from the ticket in 1956, but Nixon cleverly outwitted Eisenhower and remained entrenched as Veep. Ambrose's description of the 1960 campaign is similarly riveting.<br />Despite the flaws, Ambrose is an able, diligent researcher. His footnotes are always dependable and informative, his information factual and complete. This is a first-rate biography of a second-rate man.
This is one hundred pages of pure fluff, poorly arranged, dismally presented and written apparently in the span of six days. Bing Crosby was a towering figure in American entertainment for thirty years, his influence upon Sinatra, Dean Martin, Perry Como, Pat Boone and scores of other singers is glaringly obvious. He was also an Academy Award-winning actor who starred in some of Hollywoods most stellar movies. This book simply doesn't do justice to Bing, his life, talent or the monumental impact he had upon popular culture.<br />The Bing biography to own and cherish is Gary Giddon's recent Bing book, available on Amazon. That books swings, this book is a dismal and shoddy job, worthy of an elementary school report, not a published book.
This is considered the definitive guide for hiking in the Grand Canyon and the strong points of this book are worth noting. The maps are excellent, as are the descriptions of how to get to trail head. However, the book is incomplete in certain areas and outdated. The Grand Canyon has implemented a shuttle system to stem the horrific crowds (I don't see much improvement) and hikers now can't drive to the South Kaibab trail or Hermit's Rest trail. The directions in this book are therefore rendered confusing due to the new restrictions.<br />Most importantly, the authors neglect to stress that in order to successfully complete long hikes at the Grand Canyon, you must be physically prepared. Several times a year I hike to Phantom Ranch at the Colorado river and then back on the Bright Angel Trail. This is nine and a half miles one way with an elevation gain of 5,000 feet. Oftentimes I pass many sick, debilitated and unprepared hikers who quite obviously didn't do any physical preparation for this hike. Physically fit people should be able to do it in 3-4 hours coming up, but many are stuck on the trail for 12 hours and suffering. This could be avoided by exercising and hiking for months in advance in order to enjoy and relish the spectacular experience. Another fabulous challenge is doing a rim to rim hike, but only for those FIT.<br />The author does detail the debilitating and life-threatening heat conditions that exist in the Canyon. I recommend to anyone planning long hikes *not* to attempt them in the summer! Temperatures frequently exceed 110 degrees and heat exhaustion and/or heat stroke can result. The best months to hike in the Grand Canyon are October, November and April.<br />The Grand Canyon (even with the terrible crowds) is a sublime experience and Phantom Ranch is the best part of the canyon. Forget the mule and use your own two feet. It's a magical experience, a great hike and one you will want to do again and again!
This is not an examination of Richard Nixon, it's a book about the author, Monica Crowley. I can't imagine anyone putting any credence in something which consists exclusively of lengthy quotes from Nixon, when Crowley admits she never used a tape recorder and relied on &quot;after the fact notes.&quot; Give me a break! No one has such a prodigious memory as to remain monologues that lasted over an hour and then claim to reproduce Nixon's thoughts verbatim. Yet Crowley miraculously pulls this off.<br />Richard Nixon was notoriously uncomfortable around women. He wasn't around women, he was distant to his own wife and no extra-marital affair has ever been documented. Yet we are supposed to believe that the aging Nixon would place extraordinary trust in a young woman, tell her his innermost secrets and spend vast amounts of time with her talking geo-politics? It's a wonder that fewer people have questioned the credibility of this account. Though the quotes all sound Nixonian in the extreme, a cynic would cry foul with this anemic effort.
Anthony Summers has engaged in a time-honored tradition, popular among journalists of the past 30 years: take a hatchet to Richard Nixon. Does Nixon deserve it? In some respects, yes, but this pathetically-researched book has zero credibility. In 1980, the psycho-biographer, Fawn Brodie, wrote a more telling &quot;expose&quot; of Nixon, though it was also seriously compromised by gaffes and factual mistakes. Summers commits the sin of printing third-hand gossip and stating it as *fact.* This is unforgivable, enough when dealing with someone as ethically bankrupt as Dick Nixon.<br />Summers' most amazing and absurd contentions are that Nixon beat his wife, Pat, even though his footnotes for this blockbuster claim are weak and nebulous. Nixon's relationship with Pat was certainly abusive, but in a passive way: he ignored her existence after 1960. His personality was not a violent one, it was an inwardly-driven and narcisstic personality. Beating his wife never happened and Summers deserves censure for printing this cheap gossip. Summers also claims (ludicrously) that Nixon was a prescription drug abuser in the White House. Never mind that vociferous and verbose Nixon critic John Ehrlichman denied this before his death, and others close to RN said he was too inept to open up a medicine bottle on his own.<br />This is shoddy journalism, transparent and juvenile. If you want to read a scholarly and sober book on Nixon, consult Stephen Ambrose's two-volume Nixon biography available on Amazon.
How can any Beatles fan not be delirious over the arrival of this book? I spent four hours glued to it, lovingly turning each page, laughing, smiling and astounded over so many previously unseen photos. I have 400 Beatles books in my collection in many different languages. This book beats them all in content, style, text, arrangement and producing pure bliss in the reader. Some of the early photos from the Cavern and Hamburg years have appeared before in Mike McGear's 1977 book, but there are other new photos when the boys were so young it's almost piercing to look at them.<br />My only slight criticism is that much of the text was lifted directly from the Beatles Anthology series. This was disappointing, but the soaring positives of this weighty book cancel out any whining. For all of us Beatles fans, this is the apex of what will be offered for a long time. You will cherish this book and get endless hours of fascination and enjoyment from it. John, Paul, George and Ringo...still producing powerful emotions. They always will.
This is most definitely *not* the guide you need to successfully climb Mount Whitney. Though the book is adequate on the preparation necessary for making the summit, it omits one vital piece of information: you must have a day permit in order to hike Whitney. Because this guide was written prior to this rule being implemented, it doesn't contain any warning about this.<br />Every hiker from May 15-October 15 *must* possess a day permit issued from the Lone Pine Ranger Station. Don't think you can hike without it, because there are Rangers strategically posted on the trail and they will ask for the pass. If you don't have it, you will be turned away. I have actually seen hikers from Germany, France and even Australia be turned away because they didn't know about this requirement.<br />Aside from this glaring omission, this book is a fine representation of what you must do to prepare to climb Whitney. A word of caution though, for a first-time climber reading this review. Please do not attempt this hike unless you are supremely physically fit. I have seen many sobering cases of hikers on Whitney who were simply not prepared for the rigors of this climb. Most physically fit people should be able to do the 21 miles in 12-13 hours. If it takes you 24 hours you will suffer and it will be a miserable experience. Train for at least six months before attempting to summit. Be sure and run 25-40 miles a week, hike every weekend at altitude (if practicable)and invest in a good stairclimber. You must have strong quads and calves in order to enjoy the hike and the descent will be brutal on your knees, no matter how fit you are.  Also go out for several 10 hour hikes in order to prepare yourself mentally for this challenge. The mental part of Whitney is as difficult as the physical, particularly on the descent when you've been on the trail for a long time already.
This is an excellent book for the older hiker who does not have a background in the sport or a history of exercising. Climbing Mt. Whitney used to be reserved for the daring or adventurous climber, now it seems everyone and their uncle is attempting it, often with disastrous results. The bottom line is: climbing Whitney in one day (or even 12 hours) is not that difficult *if* you are supremely fit and do a great deal of ancillary exercise for long periods prior to making the ascent.<br />I have seen many hikers suffer brutally on Whitney because they have not done sufficient training prior to the hike. This is not a walk in the park, this is not something to attempt on a lark, nor is it something to take lightly. You must do rigorous physical preparation or your hike will be a hellish and possibly dangerous experience. Most of the hikers I've encountered on Whitney were quite honestly not physically prepared. If you are overweight, have a medical condition or have not properly trained at altitude, don't even consider attempting Mt. Whitney.<br />Sharon Baker Salony does a good job in explaining some of these aspects of the hike, but she does gear the book more towards the older hiker. If you're a physically fit 20-something male (or female), there are better and more complete books for you to consult. But if you're middle-aged and thinking about hiking Whitney for the first time, this book would be beneficial. Remember to acclimate yourself to high altitude before even thinking about doing Whitney and good luck!
This is an excellent book for first-time climbers of Mt. Whitney. The author explains the perils, pitfalls and also the exhilaration of climbing the highest peak in the lower 48 states. The book is especially strong on maps, even though finding Mt. Whitney is not at all difficult; there is only one stop light in Lone Pine, turn there and head up the 14 miles to the portal.<br />A word of caution though, for a first-time climber reading this review. Please do not attempt this hike unless you are supremely physically fit. I have seen many sobering cases of hikers on Whitney who were simply not prepared for the rigors of this climb. Most physically fit people should be able to do the 21 miles in 12-13 hours. If it takes you 24 hours you will suffer and it will be a miserable experience. Train for at least six months before attempting to summit. Be sure and run 25-40 miles a week, hike every weekend at altitude (if practicable)and invest in a good stairclimber. You must have strong quads and calves in order to enjoy the hike and the descent will be brutal on your knees, no matter how fit you are.  Also go out for several 10 hour hikes in order to prepare yourself mentally for this challenge. The mental part of Whitney is as difficult as the physical, particularly on the descent when you've been on the trail for a long time already.<br />In addition, plan to spend at least two nights sleeping at altitude prior to the ascent. Many people simply sleep in their car at Whitney Portal, but if this is an uncomfortable thought, stay at gorgeous Mammoth Lakes, about 150 miles North of Whitney. Mammoth is at 8,500 feet and there are several perfect hikes of 10-12 miles there to prepare for for altitude (Duck Pass is my favorite).<br />Climbing Whitney can be a defining moment in your life. I return every year and look forward to it with relish. If you are fit, properly acclimated and mentally ready, you will find Whitney to be one of the best and most fulfilling things you've ever done in your life. Good luck!r done in your life. Good luck!
I've climbed three of California's 14,000 foot peaks and this book was very disappointing. There is simply not enough viable information on each of the hikes. There are massive amounts of extraneous material on each peak such as the history of various climbs and minutiae not interesting or relevant to a hiker of today. Every hiker using this book needs to know the difficulty of the hike, the elevation gain, the round-trip distance and details about locating the trailhead. Only the latter point is adequately addressed here.<br />Take Mt. Whitney, for example. This is the premiere California hike and one of the essential hikes for anyone in North America. The information on Whitney given in this book is extensive but not really useful. I relied on other guide books to direct me to Whitney Portal and give me meaningful information before making the ascent.<br />The strong area of the book is ample information on altitude acclimazation, the dreadful prospects of developing HAPE (High Altitude Pulmonary Edema) and methods of preparing your body for the rigors of high altitude climbing. If you're interested in vicarious climbing or just in the history of each peak, this is a fine book. But if you're an active hiker anticipating or training for these peaks, there are much better books for this purpose.
This is such a childish book, conceived in the mind of an adolescent bird  brain. The plot is non-existent, the character development weak and absurd  in places and it's so self-absorbed as to make one laugh. It's nothing more  than prostitution to hitch your star to Grant's wagon when in actuality Ev  Ehrlich couldn't shine Grant's book. Talk about a Grand Canyon gulf in  talent, intelligence and accomplishment!
If you have a child or young teen who wants to explore the fascinating and misunderstood General Grant, then this is the premiere offering. Marrin has  done an excellent job in illuminating Grant's complex life, but he does it  in an interesting and understated way. The text is basically error-free and  is enlivened with numerous photographs of Grant throughout his life. The  choice of photographs is excellent.<br />The book is also conducive to reading  out loud and that is an option if your child is still struggling with  learning to read. Adults can also read and enjoy the text which is never  condescending or hokey. Though the words are simple, the ultimate effect is  highly competent.<br />This is the best juvenile biography on Ulysses S. Grant  by a wide margin. Marrin has done an excellent job in introducing Grant to  a young audience. I highly recommend it.
Even a dedicated Lennonphile who find new material in this well-written and poignantly sad examination of John's last year. The closer Rosen edges  towards the assassination, the sadder and more wistful the reader feels.  It's puzzling and amazing that an icon like Lennon was not very happy  towards the end of his too-short life. The book brings out the numerous  infidelities that marred the Lennon-Ono partnership, supposedly one of the  greatest love stories of the era. Yoko comes off fairly well here, which is  surprising considering the usually brutal treatment she receives at the  hands of biographers.<br />Her manipulative nature is exemplified in Lennon's  decision to include Yoko's pathetic musical material on his last album,  &quot;Double Fantasy,&quot; which was utterly compromised by having Yoko  wail on every other track. Her control over Lennon's decision-making  processes is detailed here and is sobering. It's frustrating that John  relied upon Yoko so heavily in making professonal decisions when his  musical career had benn nearly without parallel.<br />Ultimately this is an  interesting and well-written book with few errors of fact and some new  information (rare for any Beatles-related book). One of the most depressing  nights of my life was when I heard John was killed, and this book brings  back the anguish quite well. Twenty years later, all Lennon fans will  eternally ask themselves how much more great music John had within him.  Tragically, we will never know because of Mark David Chapman.
Kenneth William wrote a series of five books on Ulysses S. Grant in the 1950's. He died before he could complete his supposedly &quot;definitive  treatment&quot; of Grant the general. Williams' books are well-researched  and you will find few factual gaffes. However, his writing style is often  torturous and his passion for meaningless minutiae will probably drive you  crazy. He excels in listing every detail of a battle until you're shaking  your head or holding it as you reach for the aspirin bottle.<br />Williams'  reverence for Grant is evident throughout. He is also peculiarly defensive  about the issue of Grant's occasional over-indulgence in whiskey and in his  footnotes he becomes almost hysterical on this topic. This type of  hagiography is misplaced in a serious work and seriously undermines the  credibility of the work. William's five volumes have been pretty much  forgotten in the modern era and for good reason. He tells the reader almost  nothing about Grant as a human being, his private life (pivotal in Grant's  story) is regally ignored throughout.<br />If you are interested in examining  Grant as a general, opt for the much superior books by J.F.C. Fuller,  available on Amazon. This is a lifeless and boring treatment of a highly  complex and fascinating man.
Without a doubt this is the most poorly-researched historical biography I  have ever read. It's amusing that other reviewers here dismiss the  criticism that the book is laden with errors and have a &quot;don't  care&quot; attitude about it. Why would anyone want to read a book that has  hundreds of factual mistakes? Curious indeed.<br />Perret specializes in  breezy and fairly incompetent treatments of historical personalities. He  moves from icon to icon, skimming the surface, engaging in haphazard  research and producing pop biographies which are always compromised by  egregious errors. He's written books on Ike, MacArthur and his new study  will examine JFK. The old adage &quot;Jack of all trades, master of  none&quot; immediately comes to mind. There is never anything new in his  books and one can always count the mistakes on nearly every  page.<br />Perret's limitations with Grant are obvious to anyone with even a  peripheral interest in the subject. Others have listed and detailed the  mistakes, but they cripple the book and ultimately make it something of a  joke. Dates, personalities, people and battles are constantly being  mangled, mixed up and treated incompetently. Perret's analysis of Grant's  complex personality is something out of &quot;17 magazine,&quot; it's so  wide of the mark it's ludicrous.<br />None of the major players in Grant's  life are profiled correctly. His take on Grant's wife, Julia is incorrect  and mistake-ridden. Similarly, his profiles of Sherman, Rawlins and Lincoln  are also facile and obtuse.<br />His writing style is mid-Victorian and  quirky. There are some passages that are rather moving and beautifully  written, but then a misstatement of fact is thrown in to ruin the mood. For  anyone with an interest in Grant or the civil war, this is a primary book  to avoid. It's the nadir of scholarship, devoid of any revelations about  Grant as a man or military entity. It is also crippled with mistakes of the  most rudimentary nature. Grant deserved much better than this treatment.. Grant deserved much better than this treatment.
Kenneth William wrote a series of five books on Ulysses S. Grant in the 1950's. He died before he could complete his supposedly &quot;definitive  treatment&quot; of Grant the general. Williams' books are well-researched  and you will find few factual gaffes. However, his writing style is often  torturous and his passion for meaningless minutiae will probably drive you  crazy. He excels in listing every detail of a battle until you're shaking  your head or holding it as you reach for the aspirin bottle.<br />Williams'  reverence for Grant is evident throughout. He is also peculiarly defensive  about the issue of Grant's occasional over-indulgence in whiskey and in his  footnotes he becomes almost hysterical on this topic. This type of  hagiography is misplaced in a serious work and seriously undermines the  credibility of the work. William's five volumes have been pretty much  forgotten in the modern era and for good reason. He tells the reader almost  nothing about Grant as a human being, his private life (pivotal in Grant's  story) is regally ignored throughout.<br />If you are interested in examining  Grant as a general, opt for the much superior books by J.F.C. Fuller,  available on Amazon. This is a lifeless and boring treatment of a highly  complex and fascinating man.
This CD-ROM is intended for use in the classroom and is geared for Middle School and High School students. Without a doubt this will lull to sleep  even the most dedicated teenager achiever. The actor chosen to play Grant  is a joke. He is a clone of Burl Ives and bears no resemblance to Grant  whatsoever. Watch particularly in the section on the battle of Shiloh when  his fake beard falls off slightly and the actor hastily adjusts it. Talk  about a cheap production. This is probably the only scene which will cause  students wo perk up their ears and crack a smile.<br />The actress chosen to  play Grant's wife is a more inspired choice. She is actually quite witty  and her impersonation of Julia is excellent. She reads sections from  Julia's memoirs and does it with vim and vigor. Really quite an interesting  performance. Otherwise, the CD is poorly made, cheaply arranged and  illuminates Grant not in the slightest.
The point of Franklin Roosevelt's brilliant fireside chats and other  seminal speeches was that the listener could hear his voice and experience  his charisma. This is impossible with this book which is merely lifeless  words on the printed page. Of course some of FDR's speeches make  interesting reading, but the entire thrust of his message is lost without  the resonant voice and the indefinable &quot;something&quot; he brought to  the microphone.<br />Just yesterday I was listening on CD to FDR's  incomparable Pearl Harbor speech from December 8, 1941. Even though this  was long before I was born, I always get goosebumps listening to his  intonations, the cheering from the Representatives and Senators and the  feeling that you are actually witnessing history. There is none of this in  this book, where reading speeches is a paltry substitute (at best) for  listening to FDR, who was perhaps the most effective Presidential orator of  the 20th century. Those who extol Reagan as an effective and charismatic  communicator need to listen to Roosevelt.<br />My advice is to buy a CD with  the collected speeches of FDR and ignore this book. The idea is good but  the premise flawed. You need to hear Roosevelt's voice, not merely read his  words.
This is not a bad book, but is a breezy and non-scholarly look at the most  important President of the 20th century. Miller's research is haphazard and  he puts too much weight on witnesses who were unreliable and discredited by  better historians. Miller grossly exaggerates the extent of FDR's  womanizing in the 1910's and bases his assumptions on a witness who is a  proven liar. A more methodical writer would have avoided this  mistake.<br />Similarly, his take on the FDR-Eleanor relationship is also wide  of the mark and inaccurate. His anti-Eleanor bias is evident and he makes  several misstatements of fact. Blanche Wiesen-Cook's recent two-volume  Eleanor books are the better and definitive treatment.<br />If you are serious  about FDR, you will rely upon the superior books on him by Kenneth Davis,  Geoffrey Ward and Frank Freidel.
The entire premise of this book is that Paul was really the innovator and  avant-garde  member of the Beatles, not John. This is repeated ad nauseum  until one wants to throw the book away in disgust. Paul is a musical  genius, he has riches, fame and security beyond anyone's wildest dreams.  It's unseemly and does his reputation on good to whine about John being  erroneously exalted as the &quot;cool&quot; Beatle when Paul now claims  Lennon was actually spending the 60's stoned out of his mind and hiding  away while Paul was skipping around Harlem hanging with the movers and  shakers of hippydom.<br />Make no mistake, I idolize Paul and have ever since  the age of two. There is much interesting material, though the factual  gaffes are way too numerous, such as getting George Harrisons' birth date  wrong and constant mistakes on the release dates of various Beatles  singles.<br />History judges such minutiae as &quot;who was the coolest and  hippest Beatle&quot; and for now, John wears the crown. Paul should quietly  accept that fate and move on without complaint. Did either ever write as  well without the other? Of course not, but that's another story for  &quot;Another Day.&quot;
This book is billed as the definitive explanation of Hitler, yet is so laden with errors as to rob the book of any credibility. Moreover,  Rosenbaum writes with a torturously turgid style that meanders and lurches,  never touching ground. His translation of original German letters (such as  Hitler's letter to Mimi Reiter) are continually wide of the mark. Many  times the entire thrust of the letters are changed due to problems and  blatant mistakes in the translation.<br />Rosenbaum adheres to the  psycho-babble school of Hitlerism prevalent in the 1970's. He relies on  discredited or fabricated sources such as Otto Strasser, the OSS Report and  pop biographer like Ralph G.L. Waite. Nowhere is their a cogent or  reasonable explanation for both Hitler's banality and his evil. <br />It's  amazing that such a poorly written book garnered favorable reviews and was  a best seller. Don't be suckered, get John Toland's steady, readable and  reliable Hitler biography from 1976 and avoid this trash with its multitude  of mistakes.
This is really a slap-dash job, and nothing on this CD will enlighten you to the merits of Ulysses S. Grant. This is based on an 1868 book by Albert  Richardson and my suggestion is to eschew this format and buy the original  book, which can be obtained for under $20 at various Internet used book  outlets.<br />The original book by Richardson is one of the best Grant  biographies from the 19th century and surprisingly, it's not particularly  dated. Opt for the book instead of this CD.
The title of this book, &quot;Grant: A Novel&quot; is misleading, since  Ulysses S. Grant appears in only 50% of the pages. Instead, Byrd has chosen  to divide the book into a number of subplots, one of which completely  compromises the readability of this novel (the plot involving Mr. Trist).  Why he chose to use this method will remain an eternal mystery, because  these fictional characters ruin an otherwise good read.<br />Byrd makes a  number of factual gaffes concerning Grant, but his psychological analysis  of this complex man is excellent. Curiously, he omits much reference to  Grant's wife, Julia, who was an integral part of his life, and his  treatment of Grant's children, though brief, is facile and inaccurate. He  also makes many mistakes in the time frame of the novel (Twain was not  meeting with Grant weekly in 1880) and his scenes with Grant and Twain  never ring completely true. Grant was a much more multi-dimensional  character than the monosyllabic Sphinx depicted here.<br />Still, Byrd writes  well when he focuses on Grant, which he should have done at the exclusion  of his irritating and ultimately defeating subplot involving Mr. Trist.  Anyone with a serious interest in the real Ulysses S. Grant will  concentrate on non-fictional examinations of his life and avoid this book,  which is inaccurate and not particularly interesting.
This book was poorly translated and even in the original German, Fest is a heavy writer, turgid and hardly scintillating. This compilation is laden  with errors, some major, some not, but the ultimate effect compromises the  integrity of this book. It's absurd, for example, to make the statement  that Hermann Goering's Nuremberg defense was anything but brilliant. One  can loathe what Goering stood for and decry Nazism and its atrocities, but  to deny that Goering stole the show at Nuremberg is historically  inaccurate.<br />There are many better summations of the Nazi leadership than  here. This is as dry as timber and about as edifying.
As a long-time fan of Gore Vidal (both the man and his work) I was  disappointed with Kaplan's treatment. He is overly fawning of Vidal and  looks at all events soley through his subject's eyes. The result is a  fawing biography with little, if any, critical analysis or realism about  Vidal. Kaplan also has a propensity for constantly droning on about Gore's  good looks. Every few pages we are reminded that Vidal was  &quot;handsome,&quot; striking&quot; or given details about his mesmerizing  pulchritude. Enough, already.<br />There was ample gossip and name dropping,  so if you're into dirt on the Kennedy's, Capote or Gore himself, you won't  be disappointed. But if you're seeking a serious or even semi-critical  examination of Gore, flaws and all, you won't find it here.<br />It's a shame,  because few men of any generation have had the brains, wit and talent of  Gore Vidal, but he has proven elusive to the picklocks of biographers.
The quality of this book is what first grabs you. The paper is thick,  glossy and has weight, it reproduces 19th century photographs beautifully.  The text is ancillary and never intrudes upon the primary focus here, which  are the photographs of Lincoln, his family and the people who shaped his  extraordinary life. The text illuminates and expands upon the photographs,  giving dates and other pertinent information.<br />If you're looking for a  full-scale biography of Lincoln, look elsewhere, this is primarily a visual  treat and one of the better photographic compilations on any President.
Ambrose edited the Eisenhower Papers project for many years and finally  turned his talents on writing a military biography of Ike. The Ike opus is  infinitely superior to Ambrose's earlier biography on Henry Halleck and his  research and knowledge about his subject is obvious throughout.<br />The only  &quot;criticism&quot; I have is that Ambrose is blatantly biased in Ike's  favor and makes no bones about it. The first words in his introduction are,  'Dwight Eisenhower was a great and a good man,&quot; which is undoubtedly  true, but a biographer should take more pains to disguise their own  feelings. There is very little criticism of Ike in Ambrose's work, which  borders on the hagiography. Perhaps a bit more of Harry Truman's invective  towards Eisenhower could have infused these pages.<br />Still, Ambrose is a  wonderful writer and his works are always fun to read and informative. This  is an excellent look at Eisenhower in World War II, even if it is a  completely uncritical examination.
Ambrose edited the Eisenhower Papers project for many years and finally  turned his talents on writing a large-scale biography of Ike. In this  project Ambrose lectures for one hour on his favorite hstorical topic. The  result are mixed.<br />Ambrose has always been blatantly biased in Ike's favor  and makes no bones about it. His first words are, 'Dwight Eisenhower was a  great and a good man,&quot; which is undoubtedly true, but a biographer  should take more pains to disguise their own feelings. There is very little  criticism of Ike in Ambrose's work, which borders on the hagiography.  Perhaps a bit more of Harry Truman's invective towards Eisenhower could  have infused this tape.<br />Still, Ambrose is a wonderful writer and his  works are always fun to read and informative. This is interesting listening  even if it is a completely uncritical examination.
Ambrose edited the Eisenhower Papers project for many years and finally  turned his talents on writing a large-scale biography of Ike. The Ike opus  is infinitely superior to Ambrose's earlier biography on Henry Halleck and  his research and knowledge about Ike is obvious throughout.<br />The only  &quot;criticism&quot; I have is that Ambrose is blatantly biased in Ike's  favor and makes no bones about it. The first words in his introduction are,  'Dwight Eisenhower was a great and a good man,&quot; which is undoubtedly  true, but a biographer should take more pains to disguise their own  feelings. There is very little criticism of Ike in Ambrose's work, which  borders on the hagiography. Perhaps a bit more of Harry Truman's invective  towards Eisenhower could have infused these pages.<br />Still, Ambrose is a  wonderful writer and his works are always fun to read and informative. This  is still the definitive look at Eisenhower, even if it is a completely  uncritical examination.
This is biography the way it should be written, but too often historians  are bland and brittle as writers. McCullough writes masterfully and holds  the reader throughout 1,000 pages on the life of Harry Truman. This is one  of the most superb historical biographies I have ever read because  McCullough never stumbles: his research is impeccable, his writing style is  enjoyable and his bias is kept at a minimum. Though it's obvious he admires  (and perhaps even reveres) Truman, he never verges on hagiography. He  balances the portrait with critical examination of his subject as  well.<br />McCullough also creates the sense of what it was like to be a  farmer in Missouri in the 1920's; the reader can smell the corn, see the  hay and feel the searing hear. He also illuminates just how *hard* Truman  had to work in those years, the backbreaking labor farmers endured then is  detailed throughout these middle chapters. He also never loses sight of the  importance of Bess in Harry's story. McCullough reprints many of his love  letters to her, which make engrossing reading. He doesn't neglect the  private side of this very public man.<br />This is historical biography at its  zenith and this will stand as the preeminent Truman biography for many  years to come. Highly recommended.
Hoogenboom has produced a readable and scholarly look at Rutherford B.  Hayes. His research is able and exhaustive and there are few (if any)  errors of fact here. It's interesting that he spends much time on Hayes'  sometimes neglected civil war career, with interesting results. Hayes  emerges as a fairly interesting, if not always sympathetic character and a  man who was highly intelligent.<br />Hoogenboom also illuminates Hayes' happy  marriage to Lucy, and the tragedies they endured while losing some of their  children. He throws ample light on Hayes as a human being and as a man, as  well as a soldier and eventually President.<br />I recommend this book to  anyone with an interest in Antebellum politics, Hayes or America in the  late 19th century.
I did not know a great deal about Edison before reading this book and this  served as a fascinating introduction. After visiting Edison's lab in West  Orange, N.J. I became intrigued with him and wanted to learn more. Israel's  book served as the perfect introduction to this complex and fascinating  genius.<br />I emjoyed the fact that Israel divided the biography between  Edison's professional scientific life and his complicated and sometimes  bizarre private life, with strained relationships with his children and two  marriages. Despite the fact Edison left much to be desired as a father, one  almost feels sorry for him. Apparently his towering intellect made it  difficult for him to connect emotionally with the more &quot;plebian&quot;  sorts of people (which was everyone else on the planet). His sons struggled  under the mighty shadow their father cast.<br />I highly recommend this book  for anyone with a casual or serious insterest in the Wizard of Menlo Park.
Unless you're purchasing this book for a child, avoid it. The text is written at the level of a fourth grader and the conclusions drawn are about  as weighty. There are numerous errors pockmarking the book, some of them  not inconsequential (Grant did not graduate from West Point in 1845, but  1843).<br />If you want a readable and scholarly book on either Grant or Lee,  don't buy a dual biography. Each man is much too vast and important to  cover in such a manner. Opt for Emory Thomas' Lee biography and Campaigning  with Grant by Horace Porter. These books will illuminate the titans of the  civil war much better than this sorry effort.
Though Vidal is known primarily as a novelist, his essays are his greatest and most lasting monument. It's impossible to read this mammoth collection and not marvel at his incredible wit, intellect and astounding irreverence.  If I could live anyone elses life, this man's would be it: for excitement,  pure intellect and possessing a world-class sense of humor.<br />Vidal  repeatedly showcases the amazing breadth of his knowledge, particularly in  American history. You may disagree with him politically, but few can deny  his utter mastery as an essayist. It is almost without parallel.
Anyone with ever a remote interest in U.S. Grant will already know most of these quotes. It probably took the author a half an hour to assemle them and ready them for publication. If you are seriously interested in getting  to know the real Grant, then read his memoirs, one of the great books  written in the English language. Most of these quotes are extracted from  Grant's memoirs, without editorial comment (mercifully).<br />This is just a  slap-dash job designed to be sold in a &quot;Cracker Barrel&quot;  restaurant waiting area. If you're willing to invest a few days of  meaningful time, read Grant's memoirs and avoid this ridiculous exercise in  assembling quotes out of context.
Gore Vidal is brilliant, witty, clever, irreverent and a marvelous writer but I was a little disappointed with this first installment of his  autobiography. His life has been more multi-faceted and exciting than  almost anyone elses, but in some inexplicable way the telling of his story  falls short. There was adequate amounts of &quot;juicy gossip&quot; and the  obligatory details of many sexual exploits, but true revelation and  introspection is lacking.<br />That is curious, considering Vidal has never  been shy about speaking his mind and airing his (and everyone else) dirty  laundry in public. He remains one of the most gifted American writers, but  his true brilliance is in writing essays, not autobiography.
I grew up listening to my parents talk about Harry Truman and the 1948 election. No one thought Truman had a chance and everyone went to bed believing Tom Dewey would be the next President. Boy, was everyone wrong,  from the reporters who covered the campaign, to H.V. Kaltenborn, the famous  radio announcer of that era, to the new political pollsters. All were left  with egg on their faces when Truman won over 300 electoral votes and swept  to victory.<br />This book demonstrate the importance of the farm vote  switching mightily to Truman as the campaign wore on, and how Dewey was  impossibly arrogant and stopped active campaigning on mid-October, thinking  he had the election sewn up! Most of all, this is a tribute to the plucky  Harry Trumam, who never conceded, never doubted he would win, and  throughout his famous whistle-stop tour, gave 'em hell. A stirring account  of the agreat campaign.
I admire Dalleck and think he's an able historian, but volume two is leagues inferior to volume one, &quot;Lone Star Rising.&quot; Dalleck glosses over LBJ's Vice Presidential years in twenty pages and reveals  little new material from the early 1960's. His treatment of the JFJ-LBJ  political and personal relationship also is lacking.<br />Robert Caro is  writing the definitive treatment of LBJ and Caro is a more accomplished  writer, but Dalleck at least cuts Johnson a break and sees the good in this  flawed giant. Dalleck is particularly good at illuminating the Great  Society and Johnson's sweeping social programs. His military treatment of  Vietnam is hardly penetrating.<br />This is an adequate book on Johnson as  President, but not as gripping as the initial volume.
I grew up listening to my parents talk about Harry Truman and the 1948 election. No one thought Truman had a chance and everyone went to bed believing Tom Dewey would be the next President. But everyone was wrong,  from the reporters who covered the campaign, to H.V. Kaltenborn, the famous  radio announcer of that era, to the new political pollsters. All were left  with egg on their faces when Truman won over 300 electoral votes and swept  to victory.<br />This book demonstrate the importance of the farm vote  switching mightily to Truman as the campaign wore on, and how Dewey was  impossibly arrogant and stopped active campaigning on mid-October, thinking  he had the election sewn up! Most of all, this is a tribute to the plucky  Harry Trumam, who never conceded, never doubted he would win, and  throughout his famous whistle-stop tour, gave 'em hell. A stirring account  of a great campaign.
...and this is a big &quot;but.&quot; Caro verges on the hatchet job in volume two. He is a brilliant writer and his research methods are precise and methodical. But his take on LBJ here is overly negative, he always sees  the worst case scenario and it winds up being hard to swallow, even if you  detest Lyndon Johnson. He damns Johnson for stealing elections, when anyone  else worth their salt in Texas in the 30's and 40's did the same thing.  John Connelly ultimately refused further interviews with Caro because he  felt this book was too brutally negative and I concur. So why the five  stars?<br />Because Caro is such an outstanding writer, he turns history into  literature. His way with words is leagues ahead of other historical  biographers, he writes with the flair of a novelist but he backs up his  words with years of dilligent research. What other biographer pulls up  stakes and lives for *five years* in the Texas hill country in order to  better understand his subject? This first volume stands at the pinnacle of  the biographical art, the second volume is slightly less convincing and a  great deal more negative.<br />Many have criticized Caro (Lady Bird and  Connelly most vociferously) for being overly critical of Johnson. I share  this concern and feel he sometimes bends over backwards to &quot;stick it  to&quot; Johnson. Caro has said repeatedly that he will deal with LBJ's  Presidency with a more charitible outlook and this is to be hoped.<br />I am  an unabashed fan of Lyndon Johnson and this will stand as the definitive  biography of him for many years. Though it's caustic and critical, it's so  beautifully written you can read it again and again. A masterpiece of  biography and I can't wait for the third volume. Hopefully, that will be  more forgiving of LBJ.
If you want a quick, easy read on LBJ and don't want many minute details, this is the book for you. It is written in a breezy and readable style, but the research and footnotes here are haphazard, at best. If you want a more  scholarly, reliable look at Lyndon Johnson, Robert Caro and Robert Dalleck  have written the much superior works.<br />However, this biography does  illuminate LBJ's private life quite well and throws additional light on his  complicated relationship with Lady Bird. It is also refreshing to see a  sympathetic biography of Johnson, who has been pilloried for Vietnam and  never given the credit he deserves as the greatest civil rights President  in American history.<br />This is a good introduction for students of LBJ and  will hopefully spur people on to read in greater depth about his flawed  giant of a man.
I confess I couldn't read the entire book, it was simply too awful. I read about half and slept through that because it was written so poorly, I think the author is a child. At least it appeared to me he/she was. I threw it  away because it gave me such a splitting headache, the prose was heavy,  like walking through quicksand. Grant was perhaps the greatest American of  his age after Lincoln and doesn't deserve this sickening character  assassination.
Leni Riefenstahl is a genius, but her life (tragically) was ruined by some poor choices and the fact she was erroneously labelled after the war as &quot;Hitler's mistress.&quot; Here she sets the record straight and  includes some marvelous never-before revealed vignettes on Hitler, Goebbels  and other members of the Nazi hierarchy.<br />Riefenstahl writes of how Hitler  was walking with her on the sand on the Baltic sea and makes a sexual pass  in 1932 as his entourage discreetly hovers in the background. Leni rejects  the pass, as she rejects more vehemently Goebbels' more crude attempts to  bed her later on.<br />There is much more, obviously, that this type of  gossip, but it's riveting nonetheless. If you are an admirer of Leni's  cinematic brilliance or curious about her real relationship with Hitler,  this is a must read.
Does David Irving deserve censure for his grotesque belief that Adolf Hitler knew nothing of the Holocaust? Of course. Is Eberhard Jaeckel the historian to dismantle Irving? No. Jaeckel himself has a long history of  gaffes regarding Hitler. In 1983, he published in in Germany, 'Hitler's  Saemtliche Aufzeichnungen&quot; which purported to publish many  &quot;new&quot; Hitler poems and drawings. The problem was that most of the  work consisted of worthless forgeries. Jaeckel should have known this, any  reputable historian would have known instantly.<br />The problem with Irving  is that he is a diligent researcher, he just is corrupted with blatant  racism which renders his conclusions on the Reich one-sided and specious.  Any historian starting out with Irving's premises is standing on faulty  ground. But Jaeckel is out of his league here and it clearly shows. His  footnotes frequently lead to discredited sources and his conclusions are  haphazard and disjointed.<br />Irving deserves critical, harsh examination,  but it needs to be done by an historian of greater skill and repute than  Jaeckel.
Hermann Goering was a 260 pound morphine-addicted slob when he surrendered to the Americans in May, 1945... a &quot;fat mountain of goo.&quot; Yet in the Nuremberg courtroom, Goering had reduced down to 180 pounds, was drug  free and put up a brilliant defense. There is no doubt Goering was the star  of that courtroom, more than holding his own against the chief American  prosecutor, Robert Jackson.<br />This book gives some of the highlights of the  repartee between the evil but outwardly &quot;genial&quot; Goering and the  hapless Jackson. Ultimately, of course, Goering's complicity in Nazi  atrocities sentenced him to death, but he was able to electrify the court  prior to cheating the hangman. An interesting book, but only for those with  the necessary background on the trials and Goering himself.
I urge anyone to critically question the material in this book before blithely accepting its premise. There is not a scintilla's worth of evidence that Franklin Roosevelt had knowledge of Pearl Harbor prior to the  actual attack on December 7, 1941. The &quot;facts&quot; Stinnett assembles  are *not* facts, but innuendo. Notice his footnotes frequently lead to  discredited sources.  There is no smoking gun that ties FDR to Pearl  Harbor. None. Let Stinnett come up with any iron clad proof for his  slanderous accusations. It will be a long wait because no proof will ever  be forthcoming. Franklin Roosevelt revered the Navy and the suggestion that  he would deliberately allow it to be destroyed (along with 2100 American  boys) is slander of the most obscene order.<br />Stinnett never bothers to  explain a question that goes unanswered: how in the world would a Japanese  attack lure the United States into war with Germany? The U.S. was indeed  fortunate when Hitler made one of his most egregious errors of WWII by  declaring war on America. Had he not done this, there is still no logical  way FDR could have maneuvered American into war against Germany.<br />Stinnett deserves severe censure for this book because it will convince  many ill-informed people that FDR actually did know about the Pearl Harbor  attack. Please investigate the overwhelming evidence in other more  scholarly books that proves conclusively FDR knew nothing about it.
If you do, this is the book for you. Fuller adequately and methodically  shatters the myth that Grant wantonly sacrificed his troops in battle. He  refutes this notion with painstaking tables and charts which proves  (surprise) that Robert E. Lee lost many more men per 1,000 than Grant.  Fuller further shows that Lee's stature as a great general should be on  tenuous hooks and that greater appreciation should be given to Grant's  brilliance.<br />Is the book unbiased? No, Fuller clearly prefers Grant, which  is to his everlasting credit. Had more historians seriously compared Grant  and Lee, USG's reputation wouldn't have been so seriously compromised  today. Fuller lays the facts out on the table and shows that Grant beat Lee  for a reason: he was the premiere American soldier.
The author of this book, Hugh Trevor-Roper, embarrassed himself and sullied his reputation in 1983 when he was the only major historian to vouch for the accuracy of the fake &quot;Hitler diaries.&quot; But in 1947,  when he wrote this book, he was a younger, more cogent and wiser  man.<br />What makes this book interesting is that it is factual, diligently  researched and Roper also relied upon dozens of interviews with Hitler's  intimates. Trevor-Roper was methodical in his questioning, and he  incorporates the recollections of Hitler's inner circle throughout the  narrative.<br />Though it's 50 years old, this book has stood up quite well  and it's a mini classic in its genre.
Morris has recently come into the spotlight for his controversial biography of Ronald Reagan, but this is the better and more readable book. Morris provides just enough introductory material for the novice and he  balances it with in-depth TR coverage for those who crave a more detailed  analysis.<br />Morris examines TR's two marriages, his strained and neurotic  relationship with daughter Alice and his relationship with his children.  This is the strong area of the book, his analysis of TR's professional life  (though adequate) is not revelatory or definitive. He does, however, come  up with much interesting and new information on TR's warmongering stance in  World War I and the death of his youngest son, Quentin, in that war.<br />If  you know little about TR, this is a great introduction. If you already love  him, you will savor this book.
I had my friend read this book aloud to me and I was chagrined at how little the author knew about Ulysses. There were mnany factual gaffes and he gets the General's marriage all wrong. It was most vexing for me to read  this tripe.
Though Maser's treatment of Hitler is not as readable, fluid or as definitive as American John Toland's 1977 biography, this is the second-best biography written about Hitler.<br />Maser's historical  credibility was compromised in 1977 by his announcement that he had  discovered Hitler's &quot;son,&quot; Jean Lorret, the result, supposedly,  of Hitler's relationship with a Belgian peasant girl in World War I. The  original German-language edition of this book carries that story, with  photos of Hitler's alleged paramour.<br />This book is not good for novices,  and it would help if there was a backlog of knowledge about Hitler prior to  tackling Maser's prose. But for those who are well-versed in Hitler, this  is an excellent book.
Gitta Sereny is not only a prodigious researcher, she also writes beautifully. This is an amazing book, the product of years of interviews with Speer, who heretofore had been regarded as a sort of &quot;good  Nazi.&quot; Sereny exposes the truth: that he knew about Nazi genocide and  was the mastermind behind German's brutal slave labor between  1941-45.<br />Sereny beautifully weaves her story, throwing in wonderful  ancillary observations about the Nazi hierarchy. She includes Speer's  disingenuous criticisms of Hitler (whom he actually worshipped), as well as  his opinions on Goering, Goebbels and Hitler's other minions.<br />Sereny  includes details of Speer's love affair late in life with a much-younger  blonde woman and the dumping of his long-suffering wife after 50 years of  marriage.<br />Most important was Speer's assiduous and desperate attempt to  disguise the fact that he knew about Auschwitz and successfully (until  Sereny) hid it from the world.<br />Sereny deserved the Pulitzer for this  book. Read it and you won't be able to put it down.
Even if you're not interested in Eleanor Roosevelt, you will be after reading this book. Cook writes history the way it *should* be written, with an emphasis on the personality, foibles and private life of her subject.  She doesn't shy away from speculating on Eleanor's relationship with Lorena  Hickock or Earl Miller.<br />She correctly points out that for years people  have denied Eleanor might have had a sexual relationship with Miller simply  because he was young and handsome and she was &quot;old&quot; and  &quot;ugly.&quot; Absurd!<br />My only minor concern was that Cook seems not  to fully appreciate FDR as a man, politician and icon. Her marked  preference for Eleanor is obvious, which really isn't a big concern. Was  FDR a jerk to cheat on Eleanor with Lucy Mercer? Probably not, since  Eleanor hated intimacy with him (and told her daughter &quot;sex is an  ordeal to be borne!&quot;) and never sought to re-establish a real marriage  after 1918.<br />Most men with FDR's looks, charm and natural exuberance would  tolerate a wife who was cold as a fish in the bedroom. I don't believe Cook  accepts this or attempts to understand FDR's frustration.<br />Eleanor  Roosevelt is a truly great and grand lady, multi-faceted, highly  intelligent, compassionate and gritty. Cook has done a marvelous job in  exploring and explaining her early life.
Most people have the ridiculous notion that somehow sex was different in the Civil war, more repressed, less open, less frequent and done in the dark under the covers with guilty consciences. A cursory examination of  civil war literature and letters from the time will quickly dispel that  notion.<br />Lowry is to be admired for tackling this subject, but he really  doesn't reveal anything new. There is much &quot;padding&quot; in this  book, with unnecessary repetition and extraneous chapters which have little  to do with sex.<br />If you're interested in the sexual habits and mores of  the time, it would be more instructive to consult marriage manuals of the  period which are easily obtainable on the Internet. Lowry barely touches  the surface and doesn't really explain much. Perhaps because the simple  truth is that sex is sex, whether it's in 1860 or the year 2000.
Thank God for Robert Caro, who is a brilliant researcher, complier of facts and an outstanding writer. His way with words is leagues ahead of  other historical biographers, he writes with the flair of a novelist but he  backs up his words with years of dilligent research. What other biographer  pulls up stakes and lives for *five years* in the Texas hill country in  order to better understand his subject? This first volume stands at the  pinnacle of the biographical art.<br />Many have criticized Caro (John  Connelly most vociferously) for being overly critical of Johnson. I share  this concern and feel he sometimes bends over backwards to &quot;stick it  to&quot; Johnson. Caro has said repeatedly that he will deal with LBJ's  Presidency with a more charitible outlook and this is to be hoped.<br />I am  an unabashed fan of Lyndon Johnson and this will stand as the definitive  biography of him for many years. Though it's caustic and critical, it's so  beautifully written you can read it again and again. A masterpiece of  biography.
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
This is admittedly a beautifully-written novel about Ulysses S. Grant. But there are a number of grating errors which begs the question: why didn't the author do a little more research? Had Richard Parry bothered to read  even minimally about Grant, he would not have claimed he was &quot;born and  raised in Galena, Illinois.&quot; In fact Grant never laid eyes on Galena  until he was in his late 30's. Grant was also not the Colonel of the  &quot;221st Illinois Regiment.&quot; Such bizarre and unnecessary gaffes  seriously compromise the integrity of the novel.<br />Some will think this  criticism is foolish, after all, who expects an historical novel to concern  itself with accuracy? But Parry makes its plain that he was intent on  producing a novel which was strictly based on fact and actual  events.<br />Unfortunately he misses the mark here. If you are only a marginal  follower of Grant's career this is an adequate introduction, but it would  be wiser to read non-fiction, creditible treatments on his life by Bruce  Catton, Brooks Simpson or John Y. Simon.
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series.<br />People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man.
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
&quot;The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant&quot; is a project begun in 1962 for the purpose of publishing all the known letters written by Ulysses S. Grant. Volume one was published in 1967 and there are now twenty-four  volumes in the series. People who follow Grant's career are aware of the  inestimable value of this project. The Papers contain all known  correspondence written by Grant and letters received by him. The editing of  the series is unparalleled and the volumes represent primary source  material at its apex.<br />Those who believe Grant was a &quot;drunkard&quot;  or a &quot;butcher&quot; should read his own words, which show Grant's  humor, pathos and unique personality. Masterfully edited by John Y. Simon,  these volumes are a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone with an interest in  U.S. Grant as a general, a politician and as a man
I had the opportunity of corresponding and meeting John Toland when I was a teenager and he was a remarkable man and a great writer. This is by far the best and most readable biography ever written on Hitler. Toland  eschews, thankfully, the ridiculous psycho-babble which ruins many other  major Hitler biographies.<br />Toland interviewed over 300 people close to  Hitler: Tradul Junge, his secretary, Max Wunsche and Richard Schultze, his  adjutants, Eva Braun's best friend and many others. He went to the source  and his oral interviews constitute a tremendous historical  resource.<br />Toland shows that Hitler was sexually normal, which is  important since Hitler's supposed &quot;deviant sexuality&quot; is the  lynchpin of many inferior books.<br />If you are to read one book about Adolf  Hitler, make it this one. Nothing better has come down the pike in the 25  years since this books publication. For anyone interested in the history of  the 20th century and World War II, this is a must read.
Rhea delivers again with a taut, well-written appraisal of Grant and Lee grappling in Virginia. I found this more enjoyable than his earlier two works on the Wilderness and Spotsylvania. His examination of the resources  alloted to Grant and Lee and the decisions each made made was  insighful.<br />Though Rhea sometimes appears to tilt his hat in favor of  Robert E. Lee, the bias is minimal at best and never detracts from the flow  of the narrative. For anyone interested in the Virginia campaign of '64,  this is a must read.
It is disheartening that this pathetic novel is being misconstrued by the media as a non-fiction book or that it somehow represents a truthful Grant. Let me be the first to tell you, it does not.<br />In this novel, we see Grant raping a woman. For anyone acquainted with the real Ulysses Grant, this is  a blasphemous accusation and one completely alien to the character of the  real man. Of all the acts capable in human beings, rape is an act the real  Grant would have been incapable of doing. When he once encountered a rapist  in 1864, he hit him over the head with a musket, in a rare display of  temper.<br />The ancillary characters do not resemble their real counterparts.  Sherman is incapable of speaking a single sentence without throwing in the  &quot;F&quot; word. Poor Sherman is forced to say the &quot;F&quot; word  forty times per page. How about Grant's description of Julia, his wife, in  the book? When he first meets her the fictional Grant muses, &quot;Julia,  far from being a lithe, enchanting reproduction of her sister, was a  female, cross-eyed version of her old man...she was a short, fat,  cross-eyes girl who did not want me...&quot; In fact, Grant's opinion of  his wife is the opposite of how it is represented in this nauseating  novel.<br />The author's take on Grant is so wide of the mark is at once  laughable and offensive. I strongly urge anyone considering buying this  ... to first examine Grant's own brilliant memoirs and then select a  *non-fiction* entry from Amazon.com on Grant. <br />Believing anything from  the pages of this book is an insult to a great and much-maligned American  hero. Do yourself and Grant a favor and purchase a competent biography of  him. His character and deeds deserve examination and respect, neither of  which is present in this polemic treatment.
General Grant wrote this book while dying of throat cancer. He had been swindled by a dishonest Wall Street Broker and his trophies and possessions were stripped from him to satisfy the demands of his debtors. Bankrupt, suffering from a terminal illness and never passing a moment without acute pain, he produced this magnificent monument to his greatness. Those who denigrate Grant as a drunkard, butcher, bumbling President need to read this book in order to correct these errant assumptions. It is impossible to read this book and not realize that Grant was an inordinately intelligent man and one hell of a writer.<br />Grant's Memoirs are a deserved classic in American literature and considered the greatest military Memoirs ever penned, exceeding Caesar's Commentaries. Grant wrote as he lived: with clear, concise statements, unembellished with trivialities or frivolities. The only &quot;criticism&quot; the reader might have is that Grant bent over backwards not to wound the feelings of people in the book. He takes swipes at Joe Hooker and Jeff Davis, but what he left unsaid would have been far more interesting. A compelling and logical reason why Grant was so spare in his comments was because he was involved in a race with death. He didn't know how long he could live and therefore, &quot;cut to the chase.&quot;<br />Grant's assessments of Lincoln, Sherman, Sheridan and other military leaders are brilliant and engrossing. His style, like the man himself, was inimitable and couldn't be copied. In everyday life, Grant was a very funny man, who liked to listen to jokes and tell them himself. His sense of the absurd was acute. It's no accident that he loved Mark Twain and the two hitched together very well. Twain and Grant shared a similar sense of humor, and Grant's witicisms in the Memoirs are frequent, unexpected and welcome. There are portions where you will literally laugh out loud.<br />Though Grant's Memoirs were written 113 years ago, they remain fresh, vibrant and an intensely good read. I have read them in!  their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.an intensely good read. I have read them in!  their entirity 30 times in my life and I never weary of the style and language that Grant employed. He was a military genius to be sure, but he was also a writer of supreme gifts, and these gifts shine through on every page of this testament to his greatness. All Americans should read this book and realize what we owe to Grant: he preserved the union with his decisive brilliance. In his honor, we should be eternally grateful.
This is a controversial book because of one reason: the author maintains he witnessed Grant getting drunk during the Vicksburg campaign in 1863. Why this is particularly contentious with Grant supporters is a trifle mystifying, but Grant fans still vociferously contend the author &quot;embellished&quot; or &quot;lied&quot; about the drinking binge. Never mind that two other people who were also with Grant corroborate the drinking story. Never mind that his chief of staff specifically wrote about the binging in a private letter.<br />Aside from this drinking anecdote, the book is a warm, rich portrayal of General Grant from a man with a discerning eye. Cadwallader relates many small incidents of Grant's everyday life as a man and as a general that are fascinating and not to be found in other first-person narratives.<br />Cadwallader truly loved Grant and his book shows his regard and his profound attachment to him. It's a pity that so many people denigrate such a fine book simply because they feel the author's memory was fallible or because they refuse to see Grant as a multi-facted man. A man with his share of human frailties and weaknesses, but still a towering individual: a great general and a man of uncommon moral fiber and decency. If you know little about Grant, this is a good place to begin a journey in seeking to know him as a man and as a great soldier who saved the union.
It's a great pity in Grant scholarship that the author of this book, Lloyd Lewis, died prematurely and was not able to continue his trilogy of Grant. Though the able Bruce Catton continued the project, he was never the writer or researcher that was Lloyd Lewis. This book is a remarkably accurate and clear portrayal of Ulysses Grant as a young man. The book ends on the eve of the Civil War, when Grant was stuck in his father's leather shop, bored and aching for something meaningful to do with his life. At 39, the civil war found Grant (or Grant found the  war, take your pick) and history was never the same.<br />Lewis was known for his punctilious and dilligent research and it is a pleasure to read a book devoid of errors and rich in interpretation. He illuminates Grant as he *really* was: a decent, engaging, modest and clear-headed young man, destined for greatness but not quite knowing what to do with his considerable talents. This is one of the most outstanding Grant biographies and a must-read for anyone interested in the life and times of our greatest general.
McFeely won the Pulitzer Prize for this book in 1982, but the conclusions he reaches about his subject have drawn fire ever since. Those sympathetic to Grant correctly point to errant assumptions and mistakes in character analysis. Most glaring is McFeely's insistence that Grant gloried in carnage, was insensitive to death and suffering, and was an incompetent chief executive.<br />Actually Grant was one of the most exquisitiely sensitive men ever born and was nothing like the 'butcher' that McFeely describes. However, the research in the book is oustanding and there are very few factual errors to be found. This contrasts markedly to Geoffrey Perret's recent 1997 Grant biography, which contained inaccuracies on nearly every page. McFeely is most solid in the period of Reconstruction, though he is usually overly prone to criticize the hapless Grant. Throughout many chapters, it seems the General can't buy a break.<br />McFeely's greatest admiration for Grant is contained in two areas of his life: his family relationships, specifically his loving marriage to wife Julia, and his abilities as a writer. McFeely leaves no doubt that he regards Grant's 1885 Memoirs as one of the great books ever written and the best part of this biography is in explaining the processes Grant used to produce such a masterpiece, while dying of throat cancer.<br />With its flaws and uneven treatment of Grant, McFeely's book cannot be considered definitive, but it is still the only complete biography of Grant written in the past 30 years. Perret's limping entry isn't even in the same league as this book, in accuracy, writing or research. To sum up: overly critical, but a must read for Civil War buffs.
If you had to read one book about U.S. Grant as a man this is it. Horace Porter knew Grant quite well and thought he book was written in 1896, it still retains a vibrancy and modernity to it. Porter wrote the book in an almost conversational style which is entertaining and interesting. Do you want to know how much Grant weighed or how tall he was? What kinds of foods he liked? How about a description of him necking with his wife in full view of Lincoln and his staff officers? Look no further than between the covers of this remarkable book. I guarantee you won't be able to put it down!
Ulysses S. Grant has been shafted and misunderstood throughout the century since his passing. This book rectifies that slight. I've exhaustively examined the author's interviews and notes for this book and can attest that his scholarship is unparrelelled. Garland truly and completely understood his subject in his many nuances. This is the premier Grant biographty, unsullied by the passage of 100 years since its publication. If you seek to know Grant as he really was, Garland's bio is a MUST HAVE.
Julia Dent Grant is sadly an almost forgotten figure in American history, but her book is a fascinating, intimate journey into the heart and soul of a 19th century woman.  Julia and Ulysses Grant shared a mythical love which transcends time and retains an uncommon vibrancy. The book was written in the 1890's but was never published until 1975, yet the narrative is surprisingly modern and engaging. No shrinking violet, Julia wrote as she lived: with an open intensity and irreverence which is oftentimes hilarious.   She rarely masks her feelings and says exactly what she thinks. The most engrossing portions of her book relate to her life with General Grant. Their courtship had been strained by a 4 year separation, followed by another 2 year period when Grant was stationed alone in California. When the Grants were together all was merry, but when apart, his spirits hit the skids. Grant was emotionally beholden to his wife to a rare degree and she gaily capitalized on his need.  Julia herself was exceedingly plain and knew it. It pained her that her unfortunate physical appearence allowed her scant latitude in society and others gossiped about her defects. Incredibly, General Grant never seemed to notice or care that his wife was a plain Jane and behaved in a most uxorious manner when in her company. Whatever complexes Julia had about her appearence, she reveled in Grant's fame and the reflected glory it cast upon her.  Julia's book is entertaining and significant for all history buffs and it is a notable addition to women's literature of the 19th century. It is as if she was sitting in a rocking chair, sewing basket on her lap, chatting informally about the Union's greatest General and America's most underrated hero. Truly a grand book.
